Pretty dry, but I was able to pass with just two complete watches so I'm happy about that.  As usual there were some questions on the final exam that were NO WHERE in the course, which is annoying but far better than many microsoft tests I have taken.  Never found the suplimental material that the course references... but who cares... i passed!
would be a better experience if the video and screen shots would sho on the side of the text that the instructor is going thru so that user does not have to go all the way to beginning of text to be able to view any slides instructor is showing.
Information was perfect! The program itself was a little annoying. I had to wait 30 to 45 minutes after watching the videos to to take the quiz. Other than that the information was perfect and passed the test with no issues!
A few grammatical mistakes on test made me do a double take but all in all not bad.
Excellent course and the training provided was very detailed and easy to follow.
Some of the quizzes contained material not explicitly covered in the course. 
Solid presentation all the way through. I really appreciated the intermittent questions that popped up to check on learning as well the regular (but not needless) quizzing. There was visuals such as charts / .ppt for those of us more visually inclined as well as a transcript below the video that followed along with the presentation!
Probably the best certification course I've taken in this respect. The course is planned out carefully, and I believe gave me everything I needed to ace my exam the first time around. The trainer for the majority of the course was awesome. She delivered the material in a great, professional manner, but was never boring or monotoned. 
The ProctorU.com system took 2 times the amount of time spent on this course over 3 days to complete.  It is the worse production user system I have used in 20+ years of my IT career. You should switch to another vendor.
Covered all of the required information in an easy to understand way and WITH VIDEO! Great, easy way to learn. The exam process was a bit drawn out and more extensive then it needed to be, but over all a great experience
Great course, lectures were straight forward and easy to follow along.  The course provided all the information necessary to pass the CPI examination for certification.
The course was straight forward and prepared me for the CPI exam. The course provided everything I needed to pass the exam. Thanks Google... thanks Coursera.
Pretty well designed course. Few things on the test werent covered, but if you read the provided resources you should be fine. 
Great course, i have feedback about one question and learning item id like to give feedback on. related to OMNI antennas
The course was fine but I never received an email to download mt certificate, I have the password. Please contact me.
Well presented course material that takes you step by step through the required learning. 
Course is easy enough if you have a basic background of installing wireless equipment.
The instructions were clear and concise. I enjoyed the learning process.
Easy to follow. Did a good job at teaching me the material. 
Excellent Training, More than enough to pass the test.
very helpful informative course to get CPI certificate
Material covered well, and easy to use application.
Was able to knock it out in a day very good info.
easy to follow along with and understand
online learning was great
Very well explained.
This is an MBA level finance fundamentals course developed in 2016. Professor Shiller covers a very wide range of topics, but not in as much depth as I would have liked. The course could have been better arranged by splitting it into two (or even three) in order to provide more depth in the topics covered. I enjoyed the Professor's humor, and the application of a number of the topics in real world scenarios. I also enjoyed the salon's (Q&A with MBA students), chalk talk, and his TA providing important informational tid-bits during the lectures. I spent a lot of time pausing during the lectures to take detailed notes, forcing me to spend a lot more time than I would have liked each week, and so I didn't have time to contribute in the discussion forums.
Not as great as expected, but as the teacher said at the beginning, it is a global course about finance which is made for everyone, even non finance students.
VERY GOOD COURSE. I ENJOYED A LOT
This course is absolutely not for beginners, I would know, I'm a beginner. I have no background in economics or finance, and my math was rusty at best (had to brush up on my probabilities). I'm currently on week 3, and I will say it takes me usually 1 to 2 hours to get through some of the 11- and 8-minute videos. The first week alone I spent 6 hours a day for 5 days just getting through the information. Let me explain, if you want to actually understand how the topics in future videos relate to the ones you're watching now, Investopedia, Google, and random undergraduate papers on the internet will become your best friends. Finance at first seems like a jumble of models that vaguely overlap, but you have to actually dive into the concepts and understand the maths and economics behind them to see how they relate to one another. CAPM was barely mentioned in week 1 and 2, but had I not taken 3 days to give myself a crash course on CAPM, nothing in week 1 and 2 would have made any sense at all and moving forward I wouldn't have understood how future formulas related to past concepts. This week I've spent 5 hours teaching myself how bonds relate to the discount rate we see in the DDM/GGM/ and PDV models, how yield and interest/ central bank policy are related, and what coupon rates are. This was to understand an 11-minute video, one of 8, in the first half of week 3. Be prepared. Gird your loins. If you want to get the most out of this course, use it predominantly as a template to direct you to new topics that you can research on your own, if you do this I promise you will learn more in 8 weeks than you could possibly imagine.  
I have learned some good points about financial markets, some aspects of how corporation works and how they are governed, as well as different types of corporations were very interesting. i was also surprised how much i knew already, without having any kind of finance background. I guess it's four stars cause i was expecting more maths and statistics and there is very little of that( just in the beginning) it is still very interesting though. As a science graduate i was surprised that same formulas used in statistics in biology, can be applied to the financial markets. The course if worth a try especially  for beginners in financial markets but also I would make essential for general public, to broaden their knowledge about finances. I also wish there was one or two more peer reviewed assignments. I think it was great to read other people work as views have differed so much! Also the peer review should have few more options for scoring points. but other than that it was a really interesting. Very good opportunity to get into civilised debate. 
I love Robert Schiller's talk and lessons on this topic and I have learned a lot under his years of wisdom on financial markets around the world and how they play a huge part in the world overall. I also find the instructor to have a friendly fatherly approach as he speaks to his students and how in each of the videos he would smile, laugh and shares his personal stories and it doesn't make the lessons to be dull or boring.  However, for someone who is not from finance or economic background, I find the quizzes hard and only to find that the theme of the quiz were actually taught later on. I also wished that  the lessons could be made simpler (especially on the graphs and charts) could be elaborated better and simple before each lesson so I could understand what was explained. In some cases, the graph is shown and explained what it was and then the quiz appears. I did not know how the graph works or what it is for. I'll be sure going to miss Robert as an instructor as I graduate from this course. Thank you Robert.
Awesome course! I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to expand its knowledge in finance, financial markets, and economics. Although it does not require any prerequisite, some finance, economics & business knowledge can significantly leverage the course outcome. Prof. Shiller is a great teacher and its a pleasure to listen to his lectures. I would have given 5* if there was more student engagement with more practical exercises especially those that required to apply maths, such as CAPM, Std Dev., insurance pool, compounding interest, etc.I find it helpful working closely with the recommended textbook Frank. J. Fabozzi - Financial Markets. Although the last edition is expensive, there on the internet some older or similar versions that can be downloaded.
This course in my opinion clearly showed that Yale University lecturers, even students are knowledge and provide a quality education.  I currently study economics at the undergraduate level, so certain theorems and concepts came rather naturally as I was already familiar with them.  However, I do believe this course provides the foundation to understand concepts, even having limited -- even no prior knowledge of finance.  This course was intellectually stimulating and was worth my time to complete over this summer of 2020, I recommend it to anyone interested in seeing what all the fuss of finance is about.  Dr. Schiller is an excellent lecturer and knowledgeable beyond belief.
My interest in the subject is simply that - interest.  I would not wish or expect the course to be the basis of a career in finance, but for someone who occasionally reads the financial pages of the newspaper (after the news, politics and sport) it is good to understand the rules of the finance game.  In particular, the Covid pandemic has resulted in the creation of vast sums of money from literally nowhere, which for non-financial people like myself is mind-blowing.  Now that I know that money can be created from nothing, and that austerity was a political choice not a necessity, I realise that the people of the UK have been conned for the last ten years.
I found this course to be very beneficial, and a great place to start for those intrigued by the movement and behaviour of the financial markets. Robert Shiller is an exceptional teacher, and has a skill that enables students to engage and easily learn from. I was very impressed with this course, although I found the assessment questions at times irrelevant to my learning and direction of pragmatism. All in all, I do recommend this course for everyone - even if finance is something you're not interested in - it gives you a good footing in developing solid financial knowledge and health.
Very interesting course.Took one star away due to the lack of interactivity in the course. It was to much talking head and powerpoint. More formative tests during the lectures would have helped. Not only questionnaires, but more interactive material. Some animations on some of the topics would also have helped.Schiller is great at presenting the material, but it would really have helped the experience with some animations, real examples etc. to help us understand. All business schools runs case studies. Some micro case studies would lift this course a lot.
i like to express a  positive feedback for this course ,  driven by a great academic teacher.you have a complete outlook of financial markets and when you finish the course you achive the knowledge to understand the principles of financial markets. of course if you want  a deep learning in particular matters this is not your course and probably you will have the feeling of  "need more...". navigation works properly and its friendly and you feel that coursera platform is trusted. worthwhile. 
I enjoyed this course, despite taking longer than expected, and learnt a lot. I work at a bank as a software developer and this course gives me a better understanding of the domain I'm in. It's a course useful to anyone actually because finance plays a key role in all our lives. What an honour to have taken a course by Robert Shiller. The scripts to the videos need some revising and some parts of the videos, especially the salon segments, are a bit difficult to understand.
I enjoyed this course, it's very broad to cover all areas of finance and create an understanding of the purpose every aspect serves, as many areas are connected. I liked that the professor is very engaged and loves his work, and the financial systems and also creates interest in the future of finance and that it serves a purpose other than creating richness. My only comment is that some questions on the exams were not always equally well discussed in the course material.
The course serves as a good introduction to many interesting topics, and is more engaging than most courses I have taken on Coursera. The issue comes from the mathematical topics. More time needs to be spent setting out the different variables used - these have clearly been skipped over for the online course, thus making the more detailed mathematical sections difficult to follow without using external resources to further explain. This only applies to a few modules.
Great course. I have been exposed a great deal to concepts of finance such as value investing, portfolio diversification, risk management etc. My orientation about Finance has changed, as I now view it as having a greater social purpose rather than just amassing wealth for one's self. Indeed the principles of Andrew Carnegie as explained in his famous Gospel of Wealth, has been deeply entrenched in me. Thanks to Coursera, Yale University and Professor Robert Shiller.
Its a good course even for absolute beginners. It covers a wide foundation of concepts, events and opinions. The difficulty  level suddenly rises after week 4 (somewere around Futures market) but Prof. Shiller still makes a decent effort to make it understandable.If there were more peer-graded or analytical assesments (there is 1 in 7 weeks), it would have made this course more wholesome.   So overall, it was a good overview into the finance world for me, a newbie.  
It was interesting to learn something new related to financial terms and aspects. Later on, I earned more knowledge and insights as to how to capture the market and gain financial position in the same.Thank you Yale University for providing us such a wonderful opportunity that will help to our career. and my special regards to Prof.Robert shiller for giving us an amazing sessions to this course. and also encouraging for various concepts of markets. Thank you!!!!
Prof. Shiller is very insightful and knowledgeable about the subject, but certain portions of the course--especially the mathematical components--are difficult to understand because they are not sufficiently explained. It would be nice to have full or close-to-full videos of lectures instead of just snippets.Keep in mind that this is not a theoretical course. Instead, it is a robustly structured--albeit sometimes hurried--introduction to "Financial Markets."
Great information on the history and philosophy of finance, all of the basic components of contemporary financial markets, and some core nitty-gritty mathematical  formulae.Watch out for the translations.....I estimate about a 5% error rate that results in some confused sentences. I would advise copying out the translations, and then following along with the videos, so that you can edit as you go. (You'll also end up knowing the material better!)
A great beginner-level course which can be completed and understood by anyone. No pre-requisites or prior knowledge in economics or finance is needed to take this course. A person from any background interested in learning about global financial markets can take this course. The course may not cover the depth of the topics, but covers the breath and provides a basic understanding of almost all the financial instruments.
Very good overview of financial markets with details on historical origins as well. Prof. Sheller has very natural teaching style and content covers a lot of topics. For many places in course it feels like bits and pieces were stitched together and few lectures reference to topics which are not part of videos on the coursera content but might be part of actual class. Overall very educative course.  
It was actually quite good, but as an international business student with a major in international finance it was not that complicated, still had a lot of joy throughout the course, prof. shiller is very good in lecturing. There were some videos, where it was a little bit boring because, all of the rules and laws are US specified (as a german student not that interesting). Still recommend it (Y) 
I had a good experience learning in this course , the lecture could improve a little more, i find some part of it very informative and detail ,and some part that doesn't explain too well, but overall this course help me improve my basic financial background and various financial instrumental. Thanks you professor and anyone involve in making this course .It was really good experience for me.
Was good at covering a broader overview of the financial markets. However, there was not much mathematical rigor and the assessments were extremely easy in comparison to Yale's Open Course tests for their equivalent Financial Markets (ECON252). However, this was a fantastic intro to gaining some insights into the bigger picture of the financial world and its various roles and rules. 
Shiller is definitely an interesting lecturer - he gives real-life examples and personals stories that helps explain how concepts are applied in the financial world today. One drawback is the lack of reading material/supplementary text; sometimes content presented in lectures can be too abstract/confusing to rely only on lecture content. Otherwise, solid introductory course.
I have learned so much about financial markets in short time.also gained much knowledge about economic theory, insurance, mortgage and more importantly crisis.How to deal with such situation taught genuinely.I'm so glad that I joined this course and learned that finance is not just about making money but also about helping others, serving others who serves others .
Professor Schiller shares his extensive experience of a complex subject in a stimulating and informative manner.If you have investments or value a secure foundation of knowledge for your future financial security he is an inspirational educator.I value the role of empathy towards others as an important value he considers during the lecture series.
This course is very beneficial to understand the basics of financial markets and the various elements and terms associated with financial markets. It would be even better if certain course reads are provided, for which the student need not buy a book.  Reading material, would be very helpful in gaining maximum out of this course.
This course feels a bit disjointed at times. Sometimes one lecture doesn't seem to flow into the next lecture. Having said that, I learned a lot about the basics of finance by taking this class and having Investopedia.com open to look up the terms I didn't know! I would recommend. Overall, Professor Schiller is a good teacher. 
Introduction to Financial Markets is a well realized introductory course for sophomores interested in finance. Robert Shiller's  course provides with a rough overview of major concepts. The topics are also leisurely paced while the quizes and assignments, not tiresome. It has been a pleasure to complete the course.
I do not rate the course with 5 stars simply because I cannot apply what I have learned to my daily duties, te purpose in my case was to have an overview of a core part of the company I work for. Otherwise if you are a person involved in financial markets it is a must! (and highly for beginners and curious minds)
The course is a bit old school university lecture style, static, not very interactive and visually beautiful. However the depth of knowledge and wisdom of Professor Schiller is just stunning, he is able to explain so complex concepts really easily! Enjoyed it a lot, highly recommended if you are beginner.
It's a great course to get basic understanding of vast variety of finance tools and concepts. Few things could be explained in more details, especially when dealing with math. formulas derived from not very obvious assumptions. But that might be due to the nature of the online course itself. Great work!
Thank you Professor Shiller, for a great course! I have learnt a great deal and I very much enjoyed the peer-graded assignment. I felt there was a lot of engagement. One constructive point of feedback: I would love to see some more technical assignments in the course. Some risk calculations, etc.
great in depth course to understand various vast terminologies of the financial markets and their history and future impacts. Also how behavioral finance changes the finance market as we know and how we can use instruments in finance to do some social good and use it for betterment of society.
Good solid overview of (mainly US) financial markets. Good level of depth. Some questions in the quizzes appeared incongruous, but internet scavenging aided with their comprehension. Peer review mid-course was interesting, albeit quite broad. Overall, a good course lectured by a great teacher.
Great course and very experienced teacher. Only flaw I noticed is that some parts deal with laws and regulations that are specific to the USA and those parts tend to be irrelevant to learners from other parts of the world. Nonetheless a very informative and relevant course for today's world
The course material is excellent. While I do feel that you need to have a foundation in some of the topics as it is rather difficult to understand. The mathematical formulas need more explanation. Excluding this all, course is worth all the time spent and the Professor is outstanding too 
The course is perfect for a good comprehension of the financial market's basis, sometimes is not 100% clear, but anyway I am really happy about my decision of take this courses and for what I learned! Thank you very much to Coursera and Yale University and all the people worked on it!
Extraordinary course. I had learnt many things about financial markets and theories which was stated by various economists and psychologists with examples.  Simple explanation and understood the concepts easily. Thanks to Prof. Robert Shiller and coursera for this wonderful course. 
It was a wonderful experience going through the entire length of the course where it covered almost all the fundamentals of finance and its application in the economy and society. It was mentored superbly by Professor Shiller...and inputs from his students made it more interactive.
Although the course was of the beginner's level, but there are a lot of terms which have implicit meaning which we should be aware of. Otherwise, the course is very good for those having keen interest in the world of financial markets. Well structure and enjoyed doing this course.
Gives a very good basic understanding of the fundamentals of the financial world by covering a very wide scope of topics. Very good, general flavour is given here by Professor Shiller and from this course, you can identify what specific part of the finance world you are drawn to. 
A concise and very well constructed course which provides a broad overview of how Financial Markets functions, the history and its implications. This course seems to be heavily bent on the US Markets, which can be looked at in future, so that it can be made more a generic course
Great course! It really helped me obtain a better perspective on Finance. The only improvement I would want is a side note or annotations on a little keywords here and there, since I have had to google a lot of things during the course, which disturbs the flow of the course.
This course id awesome for all whatever your field , but everyone should understand the financial behavior of human being and understand the financial market.Finance is not all about money,it is beyond the money , its about management of scare resources and managing the risk
Robert Shiller is an outstanding lecturer and he goes over a very large range of topics of financial markets. However, I think the course treats its different contents in an irregular manner: some lectures are very superficial while others go deep into details.
A detailed course with fabulous insights for the most part. However, simplification or additional explanations or material to make some of the more complex concepts and equations/formulae would have gone a long way towards helping absorb the material better.
Some of the lectures and forums are pretty boring so it is my personal issue as other people might find this differently. The material itself is really good and covers a broad range of information that I would probably never learned from my current school.
Excellent course, it could be improved by more technical details and less focus on the US history. I was a little bit disappointed by the quiz part, that was not very challenging and sometimes asking for details that were not very relevant in the lessons 
Prof. Shiller covered a wide range of topics in finance. I highly recommend everybody to take this in order to have an understanding of finance and our world. However, to fully comprehend the concepts, further research on the internet will be required. 
Great course to take if you are interested in finance and the markets. Professor Shiller is passionate about the subject, which was a huge plus. The teaching assistant feature was a nice touch for more difficult concepts but could have been better. 
I come from an engineering background and this course serves as a good introduction to some of the basic aspects of finance. Though, with the current global economy being more interconnected I would have preferred more general and global examples.
Great course learned a lot on the perspective of USA market and how it influences the world trades and insides of financial analysis.But there should have been an interaction with the Professor Robert Shiller that would have been Awesome!
I really enjoyed all of the material, it helped me understand the financial markets in a more profound level. The only think I would've liked would be for the teacher to invest a little more time explaining the graphs and the formulas.
the lectures are kind of uninteresting. you loose interest while watching it. i think it could have been more fun by adding some interesting things like fun quizzes and games or unknown facts. i was not fully satisfied with the course.
Valuable content, definitely worth completing the course. There are some irrelevant content for international students though, such as specific U.S laws. I would say the course could remove such content, reducing the course easily 30%.
The course content was very insightful.It would definitely help student like me,who have no financial background but trying to understand the concepts of same.Thank you professor for the great content and easy lecture.Love from India.
It will give you a good idea of all the financial world, it explains the history of financial development and it helps understand the human financial behavior. It is very ambitious to go over all the topics but it is worth completing.
It helps a lot on the understanging of financial markets although is focus mostly on the US Market but should be more globalThe editing left a lot of topics out which might have been relevant. The professor is funny on his own way
This course was very helpful and informative. This was also based on practical approach and tried to ensure full fledged learning through the Marked quizzes after each lesson and video lessons as well and peer graded assignments.
A exceptional curse!!! Professor Shiller made one course that combine a high range of content with a deep overview about the subjects. However i miss anything about the cryptocurrencies, fintechs or other kind of stuff like this.
A good  general introduction course to Finance, very engaging presentation from Professor Shiller. Very clear and worth the knowledge/effort ratio is much worth it. Only mitigating comment is the course is not very challenging
Professor Shiller provides in detail all the basics of Financial Markets. I strongly recommend this course!What could be improved is to add reading material with the content of the lectures, where the students can refer to.
i liked this course. explained various terms related to FM. but all examples etc is based  on US , Europe  market. so i found it bit irrelevant for me at times. also mathematical calculations were not explained thoroughly.
It's been a enriching experience to know more about financial markets, and Professor Shiller is highly trained to teach the course. All the examples were right to understand the topics and I hope he can offer more courses.
I really enjoyed the course and the professor Shiller. I would recommend improving resources (at least an handout with the basic concepts and the formulas). I honestly expected more from Yale University in this respect.  
After I finished the last quiz, I found myself indeed have learnt a lot of knowledge. A good oppotunity to improve your listening English, and also a good access to basic Financial Market knowledge. Thank you so much!
I learned a lot of things about Financial markets and its branching information. Finance is a wide industry and topic to tackle into. This course helped outline the topics I should begin to journey and know further.
It is an excellent course and covers a wide and varied syllabus, however the presentation style is often not what it could be. The lecturer clearly knows his stuff, but is not the most engaging of public speakers
Great course about the financial markets, especially for the beginners in the field.It is an amazing experience to be able to learn from the best, Mr Schiller is a great economist with a great reputation. 
Being from India, only shortcoming I felt is it included quit less financial system of Asian or I would say South-Asian nations in general. Otherwise, it was quite informative as far as USA is concerned. 
Almost a perfect course, with a lot of amazing information. The only bad thing is the class materials are to static and fuelled with info but it will completely change what you know about finantials.
It is a very interesting course and it covers all topics that one should have knowledge about. Assessments were not up to mark but the course will make well versed with major finance topics and terms
A very good course to get an overview of Financial markets. This is more focussed on a theoretical and behavioural understanding of financial markets than mathematical and analytical understanding.
Very informative in general. On minuses side - some parts only applicable to USA laws etc. Somehow feels like bits taken from some other course and put together into more or less complete course.
As a finance enthusiast and avid economics reader, I can confirm that this course is memorable. I am completing this course with great amount of knowledge and an even greater amount of interest. 
Good overview of financial markets. Professor Shiller provides many anecdotal stories to help reinforce concepts. Black board sessions and quizzes throughout the course help reinforce learning. 
The content that you learned if exactly what I was looking for, but the professor is extremely hard to pay attention to as he rambles at times and presents a lot of useless information 
Really solid course with a lot of great historical information. Great if you're looking for an introduction to financial markets or if you are looking for some refresher concepts.
It should have some supplementary material to read before the lectures. I felt that I needed to know the basics of certain concepts before trying to come in terms with the lecture
It was really a good learning session about the Financial Markets. Thank You Prof. Robert Shiller and Yale University for offering this enlightening opportunity for the students!
Very good course , gave a clear view of what financial markets are and how they work. Loved this course. Thanks to professor Shiller for his efforts to make course interactive.
Good sound information. Videos are out of date and of questionable quality hence the 4/5. However, I'd definitely recommend this course as it has a lot of informative knowledge
This is a brilliantly crafted course with apt information and practice on how to understand the markets, analyze it and come to relatively accurate conclusions of the analysis.
Pretty good course. Seems to drag on some very basic topics, then speed through more advanced  sections. Seems to me it should be the other way around. Otherwise a good course.
a very informative course . covers almost every sector of finance . Only problem with the a course is , its us based 30% content is us based which is difficult to understand
I have enjoyed a lot the course.When COVID 19 have created a fearsome stroke around the world and I'm in locked down,this course have enlarged my knowledge and made me busy.
Very interesting course to have a general overview on financial markets. It is mainly focused on USA examples, but also have some small topics from Europe or Latin America
Commendable effort by Professor Robert Shiller along with informative discussions. A 2nd part or a more advanced course after the competition would be really appreciated. 
it was an amazing course with a-lot to offer. i genuinely was impressed with it. however it was slightly dull , so you better be prepared for what you are signing up for 
Loved the assignment, the method of teaching and the quiz. The assignment submission was a little troublesome though in submitting, but an excellent experience overall. 
Very interesting course with an amazing professor who offered many useful information to people like me that want to have a first approach with the "financial world".
Great course overall. But it would have been better if it was not cut off at random parts and if the professor spent more time explaining the mathematical concepts
Well organized course covering the basic foundations of he U. S. financial system.  The course provides an excellent starting pint to learn more about financiang.
Professor Shiller is knowledgeable and engaging. Overall, this was a great learning experience! Thank you, Professor and Coursera for this wonderful opportunity. 
 Thank you so learn how earn money how to earn profit of business easy to learn in subject very useful to mee thank u to all  financial market learn to thank all
Good overview course with a broad view of financial markets and social responsibility. Could have been a bit more rigorous with reading assignments and homework
A very good course on Financial Markets that covers a broad range of topics, provides historical perspective, and demonstrates how it all works in our society.
A near perfect course for beginners. The difficulty level could have been decreased, though. Some jargon would be a tad bit difficult for laymen to comprehend. 
A really good and informative course which provides an excellent introduction to financial markets and different perspectives on a financial markets career.
Very good course,but elaboration required,as non finance guys feels difficult to digest as material go from Easy-> Hard,Medium level needed to fill this gap
The Course was very useful and an eyeopener for them with an opinion on the idea of investment, and myths about it. Feel grateful for this opportunity.
The course was very practical, full of real life examples and modern day problems and how they can be possible through rational and innovative thinking 
Great Course to learn the basics of financial markets, the only thing it is laking is a little bit more of explanation of formulas used in the course.
it was a very helpful course....it gave me deep insights into finance with some practical knowledge and it increased my interest in finance even more. 
Professor Shiller is obviously a very intelligent individual but I often found the concepts brought it were very complicated with little explanation.
The practical way to teach people who are hundreds of kilometers through videos helps a lot to know the finances and to understand the market better  
it is be very useful for me to complete this course it helped me to learning the financial market of accounting stands of stock market and complete  
it was a nice course and professor was good but covered very basic topics which being a student finance I was familiar with but prof. was engaging 
Very interesting topics about finance, before I didn't knew anything but now I now the bases and the structures to finance.  Than you very much!! 
It is really a good experience for me to have completed this course. Prof. Robert shiller is a very enthusiastic and engaging teacher of course. 
The course was really enriching. I would have liked more if sir would have covered more about other financial market like India, Australia etc.
A really informative course and it also made me learn new things on a tangent wherein I referred Investopedia to make the learning efficient. 
This course was very helpful. I learned many things about finance because of this course. It helps me to understand the financial market. 
The overall structure of the course was very good, and also the instructor explained each and every notion of finance in very apt manner.
The course is great. My only issue is, it could have been somewhat more exhaustive in coverage with formulae, calculations and equations. 
This course for student of any background science,art or something else gives basic knowledge of finance,insuarance  and share market...
The basic nature of the course and thesimple language used is very effective in order to get an introduction to the financial markets
A very useful course. Easygoing and interesting. Professor Schiller explains every concept in a clearly way. I strongly recommend it.
Good very basic training to understand concepts. Very useful conversations recorded between professor Shiller and their students.
It was a great opportunity for me to learn something new on financial market from DR. Schiller.These online are worth watching
Pretty good overview of financial markets. If anything, a good way to figure out if you are genuinely interested in the topic. 
Professor Schiller gives a good primer on financial markets. His thought and insights on certain topics were very interesting. 
It is a very interesting and informative course. This course has helped me shape an idea and overview on the financial world
Wasn't as engaging however, I respected the time you put into teaching me along with the "q&a" at the end of your lectures.
This course requires brief knowledge of financial markets before taking it up. it is not advanced, but still challenging. 
A good course that on a general level motivates and explains why certain financial markets/instruments have been invented 
Very interesting and the concepts are mostly clear. Should have had more multimedia tools and a more practical approach.
It wast amazing  ..this is the best way to gain knowledge  about  finance ...really  enjoyed to learn  from it......
It was completely a new way to understand these concepts. If we can have course on econometrics as well it can help.
Really great course. It goes through the various financial markets in great deal to help with a deep understanding! 
The course content is well constructed and clearly illustrated. A good intro level course about financial system. 
Learning from one of the best in the field of Financial Markets is an opportunity in its own to develop yourself. 
The content and Professor Shiller's way of presentation is just the perfect blend for this introductory course.
it was very hard on determining which one is the correct answer but i learnt a lot from it. Thank you Yale :D 
It's is very good Courser..we can develop financial marketing skills and which is very much useful in future
Excellent course for beginners which touches on a very broad variety of topics regarding financial markets.
This course gives a broad view about Finance and encourages it's use for both personal and social good.
Some of the videos were extremely long because of the strong elaboration on related historical concepts
Helped in understanding the basic tools available in financial markets, their purpose and applications
If you are honestly interested and have some previous knowledge in finance. Then you should go for it.
Its a overall great experience. But there is scope of improvement in Practical aspect of this course.
very general and basic concepts useful for those to want to iniciate and have framework about finance
Great Course for beginners, shallow concept but covered all major aspects of  Finance and Economics.
Very good course to understand the basic of finance. I would recommend you to read textbooks first.
Very enlightening ,however misses uptodate statistical information. Brilliant teaching techniques !
Great course, I learned a lot. Only downside was that it was hard to follow the lectures sometimes.
its more about america while some ppl are from other nations as well but stilll it was great one !
Courses provide a good overview, although it is not deep into any topic. It is fullfill your role.
This course really helps you understand the basics of financial world. It covers a wide aspect.
It's a good cause, I do learn a lot even though the questions can be tricky. Great professor!
It was a good time experience learning from Professor Shiller. The topics were well covered.
Covers a wide variety. Really enjoyed this course just to top up/refresh my knowledge again.
Excellent course to achieve solid basic financial literacy. Like Professor Shiller's style)
It could be more engaging and lively but overall I learned a lot and I enjoyed this course
Good coverage of a wide range of markets to give you a good overview of financial markets.
easy and interesting with the video lecture very clearly eacch and everything explained
a very useful and helpful course taught by professor shiller. He is a financial genious
The session was very well performed and planned and it was an interactive sessions.
Basic, but enormously useful if you want to get familiar with the world of finance.
A pdf of summary of topics covered could be provided that would have helped better. 
This course is great for someone who really want to get a starter taste of finance
Financial markets is very useful finance students I satisfaction of this course..
Good course to introduce people to the financial world with ethics and morality.
Everything is pretty good.  I have learned a lot. worth the patience and study.
It was long but interestingly helped to gain knowledge about financial markets
Great lectures, wish it gave more basic calculation problems for application!
I have enjoyed doing this course and I would gladly recommend it to friends.
Its a very nice course for people that is interesting in the financial world
It was very informative. I got much more knowledge and it helped me a lot. 
This course was very fun and nice to take, was expecting a bit more maths.
This is a great introduction to basic financial concepts and terminology.
It was really exciting to learn form a nobel prize winner Robert Shiller.
It was quite easy to follow and I found Professor Shiller very engaging. 
this course can help me understand the world i live in, a little better.
Would be good if the course goes deeper into the maths side of finance
Quite helpful course. Almost all aspects of finance covered in detail. 
Very interesting course to get an overview about the financial markets
It is huge course to learn lot of things totally about finance enjoy
Its an excellent course I highly recommend it and R. Shiller rocks.
i can't see it was easy m one of the hardest online courses but re
Good information and gain a lot of knowledge in financial markets
It provides plethora of deep knowledge about US financial markets 
the course was very informative, with good examples for clarity.
was a very usefull  also for people like me, that im outside usa
Nice Course to learn from and student get to learn a lot from it
it is a good course for getting started with financial markets.
Excelente Curso. Robert Shiller es un gran economista y orador. 
First week is the hardest part it gets much easier after that
The perfect course to get introduced to the financial markets
Week 5 was very cloudy. Needs better structuring and material
Great introductory course for non finance background students
this course is very useful i am glad that i chose this one .
course was very good and design in a very innovative manner.
Excellent course to learn the basics of financial markets.  
I am very happy with the course and everything I learned.
Enjoyed it wonderfully explained by professor Schiller!! 
Look through fiancial market by a different point of you
Feels quite US specific, but the content quality is good
it was a very imformative and engagng course. loved it!
it will be better if more chiniese subtles is provided.
Despite minor technical glitches, the course was great! 
it is extremely out of date. Everything else is great
in financial market i learn many new things from yale 
very interesting, now my whole family is doing it
great content but not a very engaging speaker :(
This course was really good. I learned more .
Professor Shiller is a delight to listen to. 
Very interesting and helpful for our future 
Thank you for video, assessment and quiz. 
Very good overview of financial markets.
It was a good course.Thankyou Coursera
 Very interesting and practical content
Excellent course. Got to learn a lot. 
I learn many things from this course
good opurtunity to learn this course
should be tailored on many countries 
amazing professor, great work done!
very insightful....and interesting
Nice experience of learning online
This course is very knowledgeable 
More of banking must be included.
Intuitive. The best introduction.
Good it is very important skills
Requires more real simulations.
Very nice method of explanation 
very good content and examples
Very basic introductory course
This was an insightful course
Comprehensive and interactive 
Very valuable for beginners 
really enjoying the course
amazing coursee. the best
Very informative and nice
Such a wonderful course. 
Useful and recommended!
Great and Informative
Basic 360 degree course on financial markets, recommended even for experienced financial professionals as Prof. Shiller could give you a different perspective on how modern financial economies work.
Great introductory course. Prof. Schiller's enthusiasm and style make it a pleasure to watch. Also the TA's and the group discussions interspersed in the course make it a very personable experience.
Through this course, I have learned not only technical financial terms but much deeper meaning of the financial markets which I always wanted to understand. I feel very lucky that I took this course.
This was really a great experience. A course taught by a valued teach. Enjoyed it all the way though I would have liked more mathematical and theoretical models. But then where do you end in a MOOC ?
A great introductory level course which is recommended for anyone with a remote interest in finance irrespective of whether they have a background in finance or economics. The strongest point of this course is the simplicity with which it conveys the importance and relevance of finance in today's world. The instructor and his team have taken great care to introduce topics in a manner simple enough for anyone to understand. While the course content may not go very in-depth into how a particular stock market works, or how particular stocks move, it provides great insight into why the stock market is necessary and relevant in our current society and how human behavior and its expression through policy and law can result in both financial progress and also crisis. If you are reading this review and wondering whether you should take this course or not, let me tell you that i pondered for over a year before actually taking this course since i did not have any background in finance or economics. However, if i could talk to myself a year ago, i would say, 'Just Do It'. If you have some time in your hands, this course can be easily completed within a week. So go ahead, channel your powers of binge-watching, translate it into binge-learning and just start this course. I am certain you will enjoy learning about these new topics at a fundamental level, and can even possibly finish this course within a few days if you are really up for a challenge. All the best to you!
This course is so useful to know about finance in depth it gives more examples about the finance . It help to make more decision in finance market. It also motivate students to attract towards finance
I enjoyed the course thoroughly, it was a little difficult at first because my background isn't in finance. However, I pushed myself  to understand the concepts and principles such that I started to enjoy it. The lectures were really engaging. Now I have foundational understanding of finance upon which I can build my knowledge and also my ability to make informed application.
You can never get bored with Professor Shiller. He is very passionate about how things work or how to make it happen, and will convince you that everything in life needed finance. He likes history and is a lifelong learner. I rated 5 stars because he made it simple for people to learn regardless of ages or education. 
Wonderful course. How I wish it had lasted longer, will be learning the concepts again and re-doing the course. Very fortunate to have learnt from Dr Shiller. Thank you very much Yale and Coursera Team. 
Essential course for those who do not have a basic financial background and want to understand the basics of this world. Great professor who know how to explain complicate concepts in an easy way.
A superb overview of financial markets, with pointers to additional learning materials. I believe this course is useful both from an academic and day-to-day perspective.
very useful for learning how the market works overall and back to the basics as to why financial markets exist and the what purposes the tools should serve.
Professor Robert Shiller is the best lecturer I've ever heard! He explains difficult termins using simple examples. THANK YOU Professor!
Thanks to the course team and Coursera. Many areas of modern finance were covered and many life examples were given. I really enjoy Professor Shiller lecturing style.
I am glad to have that best experience with your portal , it helps me alot to explore my knowledge in finance field. 
Great course on financial market and benefit to non-financial background personnel. 
My first course in this coursera website. I work in the wealth management unit of a bank in the Philippines. I am familiar already with the financial markets because of my college degree but this course gives the information to me on a different and fresh perspective. I am familiar with most of the topics covered here but I understand more about them since Mr Shiller talks about the historical context and gives many examples to picture the underlying i
Incredible course. The course is difficult, but that's the great thing about it. Having Prof. Shiller as a teacher, even online, is priceless.
Interesting video and professor Shiller is great ! 
Great course.  Great instructor.
A comprehensive, insightful, and inspiring introduction to the world of finance.  It was a privilege to be able to learn directly from one of the most formidable experts in this area, and completing the course has contributed invaluably to my formal studies and informal reading in finance.  Professor Shiller adeptly traverses across history, recent times, and the future of the global financial industry, tapping into psychology, law, and sociology, skilfully switching from micro to macro perspectives, delivering the lectures and salons in a way that is highly engaging, witty, and and has enthused me to learn more.  
A must take course for anyone that is interested in Finance. Right away, you know you have found a very special professor. Prof. Robert Shiller is a great instructor. He can explain and elaborate concepts in a way that is engaging, interesting, and is well paced. The course is designed to give over all understanding of financial markets as well as inspire students to think creatively on how financial instruments and regulations were developed in the past to help address human problems and what financial instruments may be innovated in the future to help us thrive in the new environment. 
Excellent course, quite intense and allowed for multiple levels of involvement with the honors quizzes. It is a privilege to learn from Prof. Shiller the exact same material that students at Yale learn, at a fraction of the cost from the comfort of your home. Thanks to the team who put this together and to Yale + Coursera. Highly recommend this to everyone who is related to any form of business.
It is my honor to learn with Professor Shiller. This course would change my life and my view of the financial sector. I would recommend everyone to take this course your point of view would never be the same after that. This MOOC demonstrates how wonderful education could change people. Also, I want to express my appreciation to Yale university to give this opportunity to everyone. 
Excellent course. Gives a broad overview of why Financial Markets exist covering the social aspects of financial theory. Would be an excellent first foray into the world of Finance especially for those looking to potentially study Finance in Further Education to get a taste of what the subject material is all about.
This course is a complete package to learn finance. It is an A to Z review which encircles the surface and core of finance and gave me a deep understanding of the working of finance. I believe this will help me a lot in the future to make important financial decisions in both my personal and professional life.
It's a fantastic course and Robbert Shiller is a genuine and humble teacher who has intensive knowledge and experience in financial markets. I highly recommend this course to everyone who wants to understand financial markets better. 
Hello everyoneI recommend to you all to join this course because this course will give more knowledge about financial market. It will explain your all theoretical doubt and it help you to achieve financial goal. Thank you so much.
The Professor was very knowledgeable and carried the class along with him. He made the course very easy for me even though the course was long. I want to use this opportunity to say thank you to him.
Great course for people to understand the nature of the financial market and how understanding the concepts will benefit yourselves to understand how finance play a big role in every aspect of life.
Incredibly well taught course by Professor Shiller which is very informative and covers a broad range of topics. So glad that I took this course! I highly recommend it!
This course allowed me to have better knowledge of the financial market, I feel more confident about some subjects that I needed to understand a 100%
Robert Shiller has clear insight of the market,  and doesn't hesitate to show a path of knowledge and humanity in a market as "cold" as  finances.
I enjoy the course very much.
While I was not forced to sign an honors pledge that I read all the readings and attended the tutorials that would have been required at Yale, I genuinely enjoyed the course. I'm grateful. Schiller came across to me as humble, but highly informed. He obviously crafted this course for Yalies, which I am not, but getting the same information that these privileged folks got (at great expense for them, but not for me) was a generous gift. While I am an investor with monies I never expected to be responsible for when I was younger, the synthetic grasp of the financial markets is simply all the more valuable to me. This is a case where the more we know, the more we have ears to hear. Agreeing with all his perspectives or those of Yale as a cultural community is not necessary for me to benefit from this overview. I appreciated the careful selection of interesting shorts, rather than just a sequential taping of an actual course. The addition of non-lecture vignettes was helpful, and lowered the monotony of the lectures.The quizzes and assignment were quite doable, and the ability to re-take them until I got a passing grade was appropriate for me as an adult learner.One comment I would add is that the choice to pursue financial capital first or to apply one's gifts to add value to the world now is not so straightforward as Schiller suggests. If you place your focus on finances first, that will enhance your chances of reaping a financial harvest. If you instead place your focus on reaping a relational harvest, the human capital you invest in may far outweigh any finances you forgo.Likewise I would add that moral hazard besets all participants in financial markets. Anyone who believes themselves immune has only increased their risk. We always deceive ourselves first before we deceive anyone else, and we are all most easily deceived by the people who know us most intimately.
the first time thank you, Mr Robert Shiller, his lessons Financial MarketUnderstanding the Financial MarketsFinancial markets play a vital role in facilitating the smooth operation of capitalist economies by allocating resources and creating liquidity for businesses and entrepreneurs. The markets make it easy for buyers and sellers to trade their financial holdings. Financial markets create securities products that provide a return for those who have excess funds (Investors/lenders) and make these funds available to those who need additional money (borrowers). The stock market is just one type of financial market. Financial markets are made by buying and selling numerous types of financial instruments including equities, bonds, currencies, and derivatives. Financial markets rely heavily on informational transparency to ensure that the markets set prices that are efficient and appropriate. The market prices of securities may not be indicative of their intrinsic value because of macroeconomic forces like taxesSome financial markets are small with little activity, and others, like the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), trade trillions of dollars of securities daily. The equities (stock) market is a financial market that enables investors to buy and sell shares of publicly traded companies. The primary stock market is where new issues of stocks, called initial public offerings (IPOs), are sold. Any subsequent trading of stocks occurs in the secondary market, where investors buy and sell securities that they already own
Absolutely the BEST MOOC I have taken to date.  I am in the process of a slight career change and needed pertinent background information to begin pursuing a higher degree in my new chosen field - namely Economics and Finance.  This course was PERFECT for such an endeavor.  I learned a wealth of information that I could immediately apply to both every day financial situations and to understanding the current state of the global market as a whole.  I truly wish that Yale would offer more such courses on this topic on the Coursera platform.  The professor's lectures and round-table student discussions were clear, concise, and provided an immense amount of insight into this field.  Thank you, Prof. Shiller for presenting such an amazing course to the general public.  I am also so pleased that this MOOC offered Honors quizzes, to truly test the knowledge that was applied.  There is a written assignment for peer review, which was based on a current global financial topic, and I am so glad that it was needed to complete this course.  Once I read the material and had to apply the knowledge that I learned throughout the course, I surprised even myself as to what I had acquired from the lectures and how passionate it made me regarding the subject at hand.  Overall, great course from a highly prestigious school and a teacher that seems truly sincere about his field and sharing his experience with all.  THANK YOU!! 
Professor Robert Shiller is WONDERFUL!I am so proud of this certificate. After much deliberation, I decided to develop my interest in financial markets by enrolling in this course. A challenging journey of seven weeks, 19 quizzes, and one assignment taught by the Nobel Prize winning renowned economist Robert Shiller whom I most admire. And how rewarding it has been! I loved learning about ideas, methods, and institutions that permit human society to manage risks and foster enterprise. About risk management and behavioral finance principles so that I can understand the real-world functioning of securities, insurance, and banking industries. Professor Shillers ultimate goal and unabating message was to teach us how such industries can effectively build better societies and how innovations in finance can enhance financial equality for generations to come. One would think that a course on financial markets would be boring, I couldnt disagree more. I learnt so much about the world around me and how its all interconnected. I learnt about human psychology and how that influences economic bubbles (or as Professor Shiller prefers to call them; epidemics), and how they burst into great recessions. So challenging, and so enriching. I am very happy today.
Great course! This is my first time using the online study platform Coursera to join a single course, and I would like to say it is a nice engaging experience for me when learning the course. I really appreciate the Coursera Platform for providing us the opportunity to study the course from the prestigious professor and university.
I thought the course was very useful, contemporary and insightful.  Professor Shiller clearly explained all the concepts well and did a good job in linking financial theories to real-life practical events.  The course is certainly not at the beginner's level as it touched on certain topics well beyond the undergraduate level.  Being a course offered by Yale University, it is no surprise that the contents were structured within the US context, with acts and statues originating from the US's jurisdiction.  The only shortfall I felt in this course is that a number of questions in the quizzes were skewed towards an economic approach rather than from the finance perspective, with these set with a finance tone initially but ended up with how it produced various economic effects.  Otherwise, the entire course was an excellent opportunity for learners wishing to pursue a career in finance or anyone having an acute interest in this field.
I recommend this course for everyone who has a grasp on high school math. It is important to understand the world we live in, we can not ignore the markets since they affect our lives. Some of the material has practical use, such as mortgages. It is also useful for you to make decisions about your 401k accounts. There were some critical reviews that claimed the math was not explained in detail. It is true that you will need to work out the math by hand yourself to get a full appreciation. Please use the forum to get help or even discuss the math in detail, I have seen fellow students who knew enough to explain. There are quite a few mentors and some students who can explain if you are stuck, there is a recommended text book that has the math worked out in detail. The historical perspective and linking of concepts of insurance, valuation, behavioral effects, and regulation is quite coherent.
This is an essential education for everyone, finances touch every nation, community, families and individuals. Finance should be teach from a very young age and I think will make a big difference in our world.This course is base on a high advance level is not about treating investment as a gamble base on luck, it is about how have a prudential planning and basic knowledge and to have purpose driven life that we can use our finance knowledge to make a difference in life, and what I learn the most the realization of the importance of risk-management. "The problem with finance is a high inequality in this field. Some people make a lot of money, but on the other hand, you have to give it away. This is another thing about this course. If you make a lot of money in finance, it's a game, you enjoyed it, now give most of it away  that's going to be a theme." Robert Shiller (Excellent Professor)
I think that Professor Shiller's presentation of finance was informative, innovative and insightful on the level you would expect from a Nobel prize winner. I did find it cryptic to deal with his information on the democratization of finance because of his contrasting view of the nature of human intelligence, i.e. that some are smarter then others. I realize that this view of an individuals intelligence is currently en vogue at universities. Without going into so much detail, I personally applaud recognizing the dilemma of supporting universals in the treatment of humankind collectively, while perhaps having a realistic assessment of limits. Being said, I also feel that this broad based course gave me enough of an overview to modern finance to hold a steadier course in my business career and personal life. Thank you Professor Shiller.
It's a very insightful course on financial markets. Prof. Shiller is amazing. His knowledge and experience in the financial markets is truly amazing. He tells you the history and etymology, and the practical application of financial theories. I especially liked how the course included other finance industry leaders like Robert Ferguson, Lei Zhang, and Georgia Keohane. You get a different perspective of finance and how it has helped and shaped different regions and sectors of the society. I have so much appreciation with finance, before I thought it's just about making money, but it's only a part of that. As Prof. Shiller said, finance helped people's lives to become better, manage risks, and most importantly:"Poverty is substantially due to unmanaged risks."-Prof. Robert Shiller
A well organised course taught by an esteemed figure in the field of finance. I was told to not under-estimate the abilities of Prof Shiller in making me understand the fundamentals and expert opinions of finance and boy was he right. It covers not only the stock market but every possible financial market that exists for the individuals to invest in and borrow from. It showed me how many avenues to raise funds or invest funds in are available that i didn't know about. This course made me even more eager to begin my career in Finance, which I hope to do so by 2021. Hopefully one day I will get the opportunity to meet Prof Shiller personally and discuss the ongoings of Finance at the time and I am sure he will have some interesting points to share, even then.
This course was a very good introduction to finance. I was already involved in this market and this helped me to deeply understand the terms that I usually was involved with. This course helped me changed my focus of finance and how it can actually be used to benefit society and not just individuals. Robert Shiller is a very exceptional and entertaining lecturer. I found myself very interested into all the subjects and his explanations. Would definitely recommend the course for people who have basic knowledge of finance since this will really enhance what they already know. For new comers to the financial world, this course is very good although they will have to do research of their own to fully understand everything, which in my opinion is a good thing. 
He puts forth a solid set of ideas, well-proven, well tested.  He does not follow Fads, nor teach Fads.  There are new, small-cap companies all over thew world. He focuses on the large, giant-size features of various markets, and profitable investments.  He uses a balanced approach to teach a very large subject.  All investments are subject to some risk, but wild, pure speculative plays into gold coins or hedge funds carry a much higher degree of risk (danger) than others.  His systematic and holistic approach of teaching the fundamentals puts the new investors feet on solid ground. He gives us a clear mind to use Mutual funds (or Balanced funds) to make money with moderate returns (and Low risk) methods, with discipline and confidence.       
I don't have a degree in Finance or Economics, I am not a complete beginner in these fields either, but I have found this course more than helpful in understanding the bigger picture. I loved the history of financial innovations and the lectures about behavioural finance.I would have appreciated better audio/video quality but it is understandable since the course is adapted from a real-life lecture. Probably more practical exercises and examples would have been helpful to better understand the mathematical concepts (applied to different scenarios) as an optional section of this course.Overall Id recommend this course to anyone that wants to get started in finance but make sure you expand on the information received here.
I attended the course from Ethiopia, where the government is drafting the first capital markets regulation. This course played a significant role in my understanding of the financial markets. Now I am no more foreign to the concepts of the capital markets and I can easily read and understand newsm views and events in capital markets. I highy recommend this course to those who plan to be part of the wider financial markets world. The professor has emmense ability in explaining the concepts of financial markets in very simple and day to day language. I had no language barier in attending this course as the professor was so simple and down to earth in explaining the course. I found this course to be invaluable. 
4 words. I LOVE THIS COURSE. For me, it's truly an eye-opening experience. When I first enrolled, I hardly know anything about the financial market industry, but after taking this course now I can finally engage in discussions related to finance and I can actually voice my opinions. I also love how Professor Shiller teaches this course, I can immediately notice how much he mastered the field since week 1.I also appreciate the chalk talk session very much, the students' questions successfully represent the voices inside my head. I hope other courses adapt this chalk talk session, that would be really helpful.Thank you Professor Shiller and Coursera for keeping me productive while in quarantine!
This is a very great course. Before i took this course i had very little knowledge about the financial markets. Professor shiller has really opened my mind to the world of investment banking. I am going to pursue a career in Investment banking and Prof. Shiller has laid a perfect  foundation for me.The lessons were concise and interesting. The quizzes did a great job of testing my knowledge. I am also very grateful to the Financial markets Coursera team for granting me the opportunity to take this course at no  charges whatsoever. I got a financial aid and I'll be forever grateful to the team. Thank you guys!! I love you!! May God continue to grant all your heart desires!!
It's been very long journey for me to complete this course but I assure you that in future I will look back many times on how professor shiller teach not only about the world of finance but also that finance is not only about making money.I had done many courses on coursera till now on finance but this is one of the best course I have ever taken on finance.In this course you will learn about stock market, bond market,history on finance, the origin of finance and every thing about finance.If you're thinking about doing course on finance then I assure you that this is one of the best of course ever made on finance.You won't regret after enrolling  in this course.
How often do you get to learn from a world leading expert and Nobel Laureate? My background is in engineering & tech, so I've been looking for some good materials to broaden my mind around financial markets (beyond common investment topics like stocks, bonds, etc) and peek under the covers of what makes our economy tick in a digestible and fun way. I got way more than I hoped for with this course- the videos were very well put together and I enjoyed the deep dive sessions with the students as well. Professor Shiller is a great storyteller and that makes the course intriguing, it feels more like a really good novel that's hard to put down once you get started!
Financial Markets is a very resourceful and comprehensive introductory course for neophytes. I think it emphasizes the the different "pillars" and fundamentals notions  of modern finance but mostly, describes the bigger picture : the roles finance can play in societies and for business. This course is also interdisciplinary and covers  equations, basic statistics and psychology. It is also filled with examples drawn from history, showing how finance met the challenges growing societies had faced for centuries.  I have now grasped , in an overall manner,  what finance is and I sure would like to drill down on this subject. Thank you Professor Shiller ! 
thank you for sharing this course online for free: it was really informational in educating the lay person on important financial concepts that run the world, with extremely relevant, historical, real world examples, it was an intrigue to listen to professor robert shiller, who is a boss, his philosophy on life, the world, and on finance is quite inspiring, combined with his humility, humour, and humanistic values, on making financial markets accessible for all to understand in practical terms - if it was not for him i probably would not have been able to finish the course, the diverse range of material drew me in, but his enthusiam kept me going
A brilliant course and introduction to Finance. You can tell a lot of care has gone into making this course and to improve financial education at an affordable price. It has really made me think a lot more about the financial tools available and how they can be used to solve problems in everyday life. Could not recommend this enough and everyone should read into this course to understand the basics of how the world works.Huge thanks to Professor Shiller for taking the time to do this course and the bonus interviews at the end (also worth a watch). I'll definitely be taking what I learned from this course and applying it to ideas and engineering.
Professor Shiller is an inspiring person with immense knowledge and great personality (down-to-earth, positive, encouraging ethical and socially-responsible attitude). The course itself is comprehensive, well structured and gives historical background to the theoretical concepts, which helps to better comprehend the reasoning behind them. For me, it has propelled my interest in finance and motivated me to undertake new endeavors in the field.If you were to take one online finance course, choose this one. Trust me, before I enrolled I had seen stellar reviews too, and the course has definitely lived up to, or even exceeded, my expectations.
This was a great introduction to financial markets. I have been a home owner and investor for a long time and have various forms of insurance but had never connected the dots before taking this course. It was interesting to hear how long some concepts have been around, eg. the rice trading markets of Japan. Also, the course went beyond what I usually associated with "finance", i.e. the world of business, and touched briefly on things like non-profits, cooperatives, and various ways to empower people who have limited access to financial advice, money or insurance. Many thanks to Mr. Shiller and Yale for an eye-opening learning experience. 
Dear Mr.Schiller, I have really enjoyed this course and couldn't have waited to take exams. Your deep knowledge as well as commitment for teaching make all learning as an unprecedented experience that I have never had before.As an individual I became your fan and surely will follow you in social, printed and all media from now on. Again, it was my pleasure to be your long distance student, surely I will seek opportunities to meet with you personally if I visited New Heaven again. I want you to know that you have a new Turkish fan in this land who will be long time loyal to your teaching.RegardsH.Engin Bilgin90-5322948803. 
This course is one of the best online courses I have attended and I recommend it for everyone who has an interest in financial markets, no matter what background.The courses is at phases pretty challenging, but so are financial markets and so you will get a realistic understanding of what investing means.Professor Shiller is very amicable as a speaker and his strong focus on a 'real world' approach, ethical concerns and also the pitfalls of investing gives a lot of food for thought.To make the course even better, Shiller and his team could recommend a bit supporting materials and literature for those who want to read on.
A course that builds strong foundations in financial principles.  A lite foundation in financial theory is a suggested prerequisite, but the material is not overwhelming given the amount of readings, videos, and references.  The best part about the course is the historical backstories of WHY financial principles and theories exists... many course simple explain WHAT they are, and how they're calculated.  This course builds over hundreds of years to the present day and questions itself as it looks out towards the next 100 years.  Highly recommended for anyone with even a budding interest in behavioral finance.
 Happy teacher day sir, Robert Shiller sir is a great sir and he taught very good his attitude is very good towards students and he is down to earth man he is the best teacher and person when he taught he give clear information about the points, it is my dream to meet this great teacher.. I have very happy that he taught me.. he is world to me, i have tell my friends that Shiller sir is a great teacher.. in this world very less people are left like a shiller sir who are very good and down to earth man.. I pray to good to help and give good health and life to shiller sir.. It look awkward but i love you sir,,
This course has taught me financial literacy. I have learned how financial markets work, how financial system, innovations, instruments, institutions function and perform their purpose in the society. I also learned the greater purpose of finance which does not only focuses on our self but on the bigger society. Everyone should engage themselves in financial activities because finance is not only for the rich. Everybody should be financially literate and learn how to manage their own risks not only for themselves but also to contribute for a better society and for the common good.
This course provides an overall vision about US's financial system mixed with basic financial concepts and it's an interesting introduction to behavioral finance. Professor's Robert Shiller lessons are clear, direct and unique.The course is structured so that all the concepts are clear through a mix of lectures given by Professor Robert Shiller and more informal seminars with the students' discussions. The exams at the end of each lesson are useful to consolidate what has been learned.I would recommend this course to anyone interested in getting to know the financial world.
The course and Professor Schiller were both excellent!  I am an engineer by training and I now realise how much I did not know about finance and how the world really works and what (finance) is gradually becoming more important in the global economy.  This course provides a fundamental understanding of the financialisation and the financial instruments and tools that make our world better (options, trading, put-call, shorts, futures, banking, insurance, risk, crises, etc) and worse off, as well as the history behind these tools, market upsets, etc. etc.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.   
An excellent introductory course for financial markets with an equally exemplary professor. Coming from a background with limited knowledge on finance, this course helped me to understand the major motivators and the technology which drives the market. Concepts taught in this course are both technically and socially relevant and can be re-appropriated to local financial markets easily. Thanks to everyone who contributed to this, especially Prof. Shiller whose enthusiasm made its seem as if the digital boundaries dissolved and I were actually having a conversation in class.
I've really enjoyed Professor Robert Shiller's delivery of this course. I have learnt a great deal about financial markets and the financial system through this course. Having worked in the financial services industry, this course has given me more flavour regarding the industry I work in, and I'm sure the knowledge will be beneficial for my career. High quality of learning especially that it can be audited for free. Using real life examples and case studies put's more context to the theory.I highly recommend this course, I have gone through the lectures second time!
Financial markets by professor Robert Shiller is a fantastic course. Everything about this course - from the topics covered to the paedology, is spotless. It perfectly meets its objectives of giving a wonderful introduction to the world of finance, providing knowledge about the various financial instruments, and finally, how we can use finance creatively and view it not just from the money, but for the good of the society. My heartfelt gratitude to Professor Shiller, Yale University and Coursera  for this amazing, intellectual and highly informative course. 
Very well organized and conducted course giving a broad view about financial markets, various kinds of instruments and the behavioural aspects of investment in financial instruments and their choice. Prof. Shiller was excellent and so was the support from Mr. Gupta. The salon sessions were very good as the students there were posing questions occurring to me, thereby making me a virtual participant. The tests were also good. Reading material and a Unit on payment and settlement systems for financial markets could have made the course more fulfilling.    
MANY thanks for all the work you have done creating this course! I've learned A LOT of exciting things not just about financial markets but everything that surrounds it and all of us! The only drawbacks are that some things were cut from the real lecture so it wasn't included in the course and it made it difficult to fully understand these things. However, resorting to the course forums and some Internet sources helped create a full picture. Some subtitles were also not 100% accurate but it didn't hamper the learning process. HUGE thanks once again!
Robert Shiller is a wonderful economist and Professor. Hope I get an opportunity to meet him in real and try to gain more knowledge from him on finance and markets. I really had a wonderful experience studying under him and am envious, that I couldn't get an opportunity to be in his class physically. I will forever be grateful to him for this course and the knowledge I have gained from him. I started off as an illiterate in finance and now can proudly say, i have learnt so many new concepts and the way how markets and finance works. Thank you sir.
At first start, Dr Shiller highlights clearly the purpose of this course is NOT on how to make us rich. And finance is a technology for Good or Evil.  This reminds me the case of Ledman Brothers, who went bankruptcy after 161 year operation due to the continuing subprime mortgage crisis.  It's super important for professionals (like CPA, lawyers, financial professionals, sustainability peers) to have upright moral standards in order to enhance the development of human beings in the right track without tragedy because of unlimited greed and desire.  
It was an honor and privilege learning under the able guidance of an accomplished luminary like Professor Shiller. He is an amazing sea of knowledge.  The Financial Markets course is a well structured course divided into weekly modules and questions at the end of each module. Being a Finance Professional, I have learnt the various nuances about International Financial Markets which I am sure will help me in my career and life. My sincere thanks to Yale University and Coursera for bringing this prestigious course to the students online. Thank you   
Exceptional! Thanks to Coursera for excellent design of the course along with the quizzes and a massive thanks to Prof Robert  J. Shiller for detailed insights of this vast subject, starting from the basics, giving real life examples after each and every topic so that we can easily relate with the situation, immersive lectures, and making it pretty much interesting and well understandable for the beginners. It was a lovely experience to get acclimatized with the financial world and the capability of financial innovations and technology. 
The course has been so invaluable to me and has opened my eyes and widened my vision to a whole new universe. I feel so much more of value than I was before I took up this course. Saying this course is every penny of its worth would be an astronomical understatement. Prof. Robert Shiller has formed an irreplaceable place in my heart and has imbued an aspiration for me to attend the Yale college someday down the line. This was truly a magnificent ride which I'm going to be forever grateful for to Prof. Shiller and of course Coursera.
I strongly recommend this course to my fellow learners. From Prof. Robert Shillers lucid explanation of the concepts with his wit & engaging examples to the comprehensive curriculum of the course that can accommodate beginners as well as advanced learners to explain the role of finance in the world, the different instruments, how complex and powerful they really are and lastly how to be a prudent investor in general.Thanks to Prof. Shiller, after completing this course, I am motivated to pursue a career in Portfolio Management. 
The Financial Markets course was built in the way that anybody can understand the overview of the entire and the broader financial sector. I found it eye-opening and that many aspects of financial markets have a lot to do with the modern understanding of human psychology and behavioral science. It was interesting enough to devote many hours alone online. Never felt like the math torture. I would recommend it to anyone with interest. It will hopefully cast out the bias and gets you the new view points around anything finance. 
Course highly recommended. I really loved this course and I found the topics fascinating. It allowed me to look at finance from different perspectives and showed me the two facet of finance depending on how we use it. The Salons and QA interection parts make the course more active and intriguing. The essay also allowed me to discover a new insight of an extremely interesting topic. Professor Shiller tried to inspire us to think about what finance can contribute to society and help us understand our role in making it happen.
It was a great course that gave a very broad view of finance and its concrete implications in society. Pr Shiller is a very good lecturer and manages to make complex concepts understandable. Of course, this is not a course that will transform you into a finance wizard. But it gives you a taste for this field, and a starting point to exploit further on. I must add that Pr Shiller did a good job of adapting lectures to the digital, engaging in short talks with students and leading interviews with some finance figures.
It is one of the interesting courses offered by Yale University on Coursera. This course strengthened my basics of Finance and in particular, of financial markets. It is designed in the beautiful way. Everything from the videos to quizzes is amazing and informative. Prof. Shiller's perspective of finance is unique in itself (must to be known). Every concept is explained with practical real life examples. And the Salon discussions are quite engaging. Really liked this course, am looking forward to more such courses. 
Professor Shiller has a vast knowledge about his field he is an award-winning economist and gives us a deep knowledge about the course I would love to take more courses from professor Shiller as a suggestion to you can you please bring more videos of professor so that we can more deeply understand the financial markets as I am keen to learn more about the markets. Overall the course is so good I just loved professors' way of teaching.  He is good and I think the best teacher in the world we love you, professor.
Yale University did an outstanding job. This course was presented in an organized way and it was easy to understand the topics thanks to our honorable Robert Shiller sir. Now I have a lot of knowledge about financial market and I think Yale Universities teaching standard is one of the best in the world.  I would love to learn more from this university and my goal is to admit myself in masters in Yale University. This would change my life completely. Thanks Yale for giving me an opportunity to be a part of you.
This course starts slow but as you enter second week, you find yourself pulled towards the charismatic explanations and wonderful examples given by the legendary Robert Shiller. It covers everything that is mildly or heavily related to financial markets. I'd recommend watching the videos in 1.25x as Mr.Shiller can seem slow to some of the students watching the videos. A comprehensive and complete course which ends with a rather emotional touch by the Nobel prize winning course instructor. Loved it, five stars. 
This course of 'Financial Markets' by Prof. Robert Shiller was one of the best courses I've been studied so far. The curriculum and syllabus of the course was brilliantly designed and the quizzes gave a good overview of the chapter. Prof. Robert Shiller is very brilliant in his field, I personally thank him for teaching this course and I want to congratulate him for his successes in the financial markets. I think this course will help me to think in a wide variety of ways in the 'Financial world and systems'.
A very extensive course with a macro overview of many financial terms and regulations. I really liked the fact that the history of many financial acts, regulations etc was explained. In this way you can understand why certain financial instruments were created and mostly still used today.Professor Shiller is all knowing and a great host to talk us through. Even though I am not a financial specialist I enjoyed the course a lot and it has given me great insights.Thank you for all who made this course possible!
Laden with humor, passion and humility, Prof Shiller manages to distill the complex world of finance into something more meaningful, relatable and ultimately an enjoyable learning journey. There's also this certain degree of quality ranging from the lectures and content, the inclusion of a helpful fellow class rep, post-lecture discussions and even guest lectures that complements the modules included in this course. Special thanks to Yale and Coursera for making this accessible to the masses. Thank you!
The best thing i ever done this year is taking this course,the lecturer was very analytical and superb,every inch of the course was educative,informative and enjoyable kudos to all the staff that made this possible.I learnt a lot of new techniques as a  financial tools related to both financial markets and others globally.A very deep insight into financial world globally deepens and broaden my knowledge about the nitty-gritty of FINANCE.Prof.Robert shiller you are the best include the rest of the staff.
generally, it is a great course for beginners to get to learn about the finance field as well as some other economic aspects; however, at the same time, Prof. Shiller presents some very unique opinions and perspectives on some things that may look regular to others, so it is an awesome opportunity as well to refresh these topics and gain some interesting ideas and thinking on them from a world-known economists Robert Shiller. Plus, it is a free course. I would say it's worth taking it. It's fantastic. 
Excellent, comprehensive and fairly challenging course on financial markets, mainly due to the breadth of topics covered. Professor Shiller is an engaging lecturer and has a refreshingly balanced view of finance - he does not just preach efficient markets but talks about democratizing finance and innovating for good. The Chalk Talk sessions are helpful in understanding some of the (more mathematical) theory. To get the most out of the course I would recommend an introductory textbook to accompany.
This course gave me an opportunity to Explore & Exposed to the global financial industry, world & economy, financial markets, finance as core &  building the niche, financial innovations, behavioral finance, finance as a technology invention/innovation, finance as skills/career & it is everything about finance. It is holistic about finance as a domain. Thanks to the team of Coursera & Yale University in enhancing my Knowledge by educating & building the necessary skills in finance as a whole.  
One of the best courses that you could possibly do to understand the basics of the financial world. It will not only help in broadening your understanding of concepts, but will also incorporate them in a holistic view of the economy and the world. With the help of Professor Robert Shiller guiding you along this journey, you will both have fun and enjoy learning about finance. You will come out of this course a more knowledgeable person and will look at the world from a different perspective. 
With the plethora of introductory Finance courses out there, the 'who' factor becomes key. I randomly came across his Youtube lessons on Behavioral Finance while in med school and i was hooked. The lessons have enough content to be informative without being intimidating. The interactive sessions show a deep understanding intertwined with humility while answering students. The Honors quiz segment is a great addition for those who want to delve deeper into the subject. I highly recommend it!
I enjoyed this course so much!Started off signing for it due to the Lockdown ( COVID-19 ) in the Country (UAE)  and decided to take this course firstly because i work in the Financial Markets as a broker and second because i wanted to expand my knowledge.It is briliant ! Proffesor Robert Shiller is someone who we can listen forever and always have something to take from. He is making the course really easy to understand and  you are guaranteed to enjoy every minute of it.Thank you !
Excellent course for business financial planning and capital markets. I could see some flaws in dealing with money in stock purchases and especially in financial investments. I hope that with this more detailed planning you can achieve my goals of applying and investing in products that will benefit you in the future, when you need it most and especially in your professional life. Congratulations to all Coursera staff and especially to Yale University. Thanks for the opportunity.
My first Coursera course and I loved it.  Thank you Professor Shiller and the Yale course team.  Engaging lectures, group discussions and chalk talks.  I didn't want the course to end.  My background is in social sciences and law but I work in the securities industry so this course is applicable to my career.  Coursera is a treasure and opportunity for anyone looking to continue their education.  If this course is any indication of what the others courses are like, I am hooked.
Pros - Professor is charming, engaging and highly experienced. Lots of invaluable nuggets of insights were shared.Cons - Individual videos are incoherent since they are snippets from his lectures. That is why it seems a little incomplete too.Verdict - See it if you have little prior knowledge or are ready to put in a bit of separate effort to understand certain things that go unexplained. And if you are looking for "seeing the big picture of the market", definitely go for it.
This course serves as the correct introduction to the financial markets. It tells you the history and psychology behind some of the game-changing financial instruments we take for granted. Also, it convinces you that one has to not to fear the financial markets but instead leverage it to create meaningful wealth. The last module which emphasized the social/moral responsibilities with respect to financial innovation was an apt end. Robert Shiller is an excellent professor.
It was my first course of Finance anywhere. After the completion of this course "Financial Markets". I could say I learnt a lot of things about Finance, How the market works ?; What to do at what point of time ? and I got all the answers of those basic questions and doubts that I had before. Moreover, Professor Shiller is very interactive to the students, all the examples He gives are very realistic and interesting during the course. You will enjoy every lecture. Thanks !
I thoroughly enjoyed this course on financial markets. Most of the content I was fascinated by, and I am pleased to say my knowledge of financial markets has improved greatly and I am sure this will help me in my future studies. I particularly enjoyed discovering behavioural finance, as well as being introduced to the book, The Black Swan, by Nicholas Taleb, which I have since read. Would highly recommend this course to anyone hoping to pursue a career related to finance. 
Professor Shiller has enciclopedic knowledge of financial markets and regulation.  He is also an engaging speaker.  If you want mathematical finance, this is not the course for you, although I think there is enough math to support the more important financial concepts which can be reduced to a mathematical formula.   This is not a dry course focusing on the math.  This a juicy course which clearly explains the role of  finance in the modern world.  Highly recommended!
This course is excellent. The Professor is absolutely superb and the TA is very helpful in that he asks questions to clarify certain concepts. The student forums are also very good - the discussions expand your understanding. I had mainly thought of finance as referring to Wall Street, and this course made me think about finance in a broader way. The guests who were interviewed by Professor Shiller emphasized finance as a force for good and that was enlightening. 
This is an amazing course. Even learning the fundamentals of economic and financial theory from one of the most brilliant minds of our times is literally an opportunity one should not miss. The course covers a range of topics and subjects that are covered in a very applicable and relatable manner. Prof Shiller's lectures make you think in a different way and promotes you to think intuitively about everyday things and how they affect the financial markets.
As an introductory course to finance I believe this course can be considered sufficient. Also, it gives the idea about what finance currently is and how it supposed to be. Some constructive comments from my side are ;The mathematical side of finance is not explained in deep and some formulas and their meaning are not explained extensively, this can be improved.Especially out of the auditorium camera is continuously shaking and makes it hard to follow.
It was a great learning experience under Professor Shiller. The best part about this course was that it not only discusses about stocks but also how our mental biases affect the financial markets at large. Also, the social issues mentioned with respect to financial literacy were very well documented.  Getting to know about behavioral finance was definitely a new thing. Regulatory aspects of various organisations and Acts was also a much needed touch.
Its an outstanding programme designed by Yale University. I have been following prof Shiller from long, i didn't thought that  one day I'll take his course . Thank God.The course structure was highly commendable  ,it covered each and every aspect of Financial markets.Im sure Coursera and Yale University made me to stand as a strong Financial Advisor . Thank you Coursera and Yale University for giving me the opportunity to pursue the great programme.
I used to be positively intimidated by just the word finance but that was before I found this course. I am a management student and was going to take marketing as an elective but after this course, I will be going for finance. It made me understand and see the complexity of finance and how it affects various prospects of life directly or indirectly. Also, there couldn't have been a better person to be introduced to this world than Professor Shiller.
Financial Markets was a very intriguing and applicable course to real world situations. Robert Shiller incorporated personal experience into theory and mathematical equations which assisted in memorization and understanding of the financial institutions. The guest speakers further informed of innovative solutions which assisted developing nations in overcoming financial strain and availability of alternative funding through social institutions.  
I want to thank Coursera, Yale University as well as Robert Shiller  for creating this course and making it free for all during these unprecedented times. I believe that keeping the mind sharp is more important now than it has ever been and you have offered a chance for individuals like myself to do something positive with their time spent in isolation. If I'm ever passing New Haven, Connecticut I'll be sure to drop by and thank you in person!  
I would like to thanks Yale University and Coursera for this opportunity, this course contains information on Financial Markets that depending on how eager students are, one can go deeper and increase his/her knowledge. I Personally enjoyed the Options, Bonds and Financialization of real estate as topics.  I would like to see more engagement; for instant if we can add a section to have more up to date topics about financial industry.
I am a chemist with no finance background. About 6 months ago, I decided to start investing in the stock market and thought I would try this course to learn more about finance and I cannot praise this course enough. I did really well and have learned a lot about investment strategies well beyond the stock market. I have recommended this course on my facebook to all of my friends and family and I will say, it is 100% worth your time.
One of the best courses I've taken so far in Coursera. "Financial Market" was a great course that covered topics ranging from financial history to ethical and moral connotations of finance. Moreover, finance and technology are in many ways connected. Also, I would love to thank Professor Shiller for his excellent lecture that fascinated my understanding of finance. I look forward to taking more of his course lectures in the future.
THE COURSE WAS GREAT, THE PROFESSOR WAS AMAZING AND VERY THOUGHTFUL ON HOW TO PRESENT THE INFORMATION. IT'S EVERYTHING I THOUGHT THE CLASS WOULD BE AND IT WAS FAIR TO ITS EXPLANATION ON WHAT WAS TO BE COVERED. ALONG WITH THE BOOKS, IT COVERED EVERYTHING I NEEDED AND A LOT MORE; IN A VERY PRACTICAL USEFUL WAY RATHER THAN THEORY.  THANK YOU PROFESSOR FOR SHARING. I WILL CHECK BACK IN WHEN I START RUNNING MY FIRST HEDGE FUND.  CHEERS. 
This is the best financial markets course that you will ever come across. The way the professor explains each and every single topic backed with innumerous examples is simply enthralling. The amount of experience that he brings to the class is unmatched. It's a huge privilege attending his class. Even if you don't have any idea about finance, this course will leave you amazed.Highly Recommended to every single learner out there. 
The course content was excellent, as one might expect from professor Shiller. However, sometimes the questions in the quizzes could be improved to fit a more general class of people. For example, asking where the first benefit corporation was first established is not relevant to me because I do not reside and do not plan any time in the future, to reside in the US, although hearing about it in the lecture was interesting.
In this course, I really liked the way it was structured and delivered - in a clear and understandable way. Also, it was very nice to listen to the Professor. The assignments were very well structured and very simple to understand.  Every topic which was incorporated in this course was thoroughly discussed. I am pretty sure that I can recommend this course to all my friends who are interested in the financial industry. 
It was an exceptional course. It was amazing privilege to be in Robert J Shiller course, whom won Noble Prize in Economic Science. I learnt a lot about financial market history, concept behind financial tools, derivatives and inflation and so many informative topics which gave me good sight about Financial Market. Special Thanks to Yale University for providing this course for free for all students around the world. 
I really enjoyed this Financial Market course. I would recommend anyone who is interested in advancing his or her career in the financial services industry, and/or those who would like to gain financial knowledge to be able to make better personal finance decisions, to take this course. Professor Shiller is truly an inspirational person and his course would make you look at the world in a completely different way.
A very good course for people who are new to financial markets and like to know more about it. A great course which shows you the landscape of the modern markets and how they came to the point we are now. At the end I had a good general overview of the working of different markets and what the general principals are. Robert Shiller is a very good teacher and really makes you enthusiastic about the financial world.
Very good introductory course to financial markets. Provides a great understanding of the financial framework that is central in a capitalist society. I appreciated the clear explanations of professor Schiller, as well as the historical context regarding the various financial tools that are available nowadays (insurance, stocks, options ,etc.). This is a great course to get a good understanding of modern finance. 
This course I just took for pleasure and in order to have a better understanding of the financial markets.  My only regret is that I did not take this earlier, I gained some familiarity with the mainstream aspects that make our society work: insurance, mortgage, banks, securities, etc.  The professor was excellent I thought.  One of the best classes I've taken in terms of enjoyment and value.  Thank you again!
Great lectures from a professor that makes information relevant. The very thorough explanations and lecture accompanying salon's made this course even better. Also, the quizzes were not very difficult, they felt like they were just reinforcing what you learned, not challenging you to think more in depth. I did not mind that, it felt much more helpful than the quizzes and tests I take in school right now.
This course is a great course for anyone who is new to finance and wants to get a basic understanding of it. Professor Shiller deals with a lot of topics in such a short course and thus leaves us wanting for more. A possible way to guide your way through this course could be attending the lectures and then surfing the internet about the topics discussed. It will definitely enhance the learning process. 
It's a great course, includes broad aspects of finance that you will find interesting and useful. From the professional perspective, I could enhance my knowledge in finance, but most of all, understand why and how the different financial instruments really work, what are their upsides and downsides,  how to use them smartly and make them useful, not only for self purposes, but for the good of society.
An excellent introductory course. I especially love how Dr. Shiller relates every concept to real-life scenarios. This makes it more encouraging as the concepts then become easier to grasp and the class is based on a more practical approach rather than theoretical one.  I would recommend this for anyone who has the slightest interest in Finance/ Economics. This course would enable you to explore more. 
This course is very good for us to know a lot about finance, behavioral finance, and managing risk. There is a lot of knowledge that can be used and implemented in our daily lives. Lessons that are easy to understand even though they do not come from a finance background because the explanation is simple, comprehensive and based on reality in life. Very Excellent Course about finance that I ever had.
This course should be taken by anyone who is interested in gathering the basic knowledge of finance and the way it works in our society. I feel really lucky to have had completed this course and it goes without saying that the course content and Professor Shiller's way of teaching stood way beyond my expectations. I absolutely loved this course and will surely miss being in Professor Shiler's class.
Whether you're already in the world of finance or currently looking for places to enter the finance sector, this course would do it for you. The course is excellent, but just an introduction to the topic, so anybody who wants a very deep, graduate level study might be disappointed. Prof. Schiller is an excellent lecturer. The course gives a personal, close feeling of the himself, of Yale University. 
This was an excellent update to Dr. Shiller's first Financial Markets course.  The lectures as always were excellent.  I liked the addition of the salons, chalk talks, and the balloons that appeared from time to time to explain a concept in a lecture.  The only small problem was that I was unable to see the pointer's laser in the lecture.  I hope Dr. Shiller does more courses - behavioral economics?
Hello, this course is very useful for me as a student with a degree in Business Administration. The material is presented in an accessible and interesting way!I would like to extend the training period for this course for a few more days, as I am busy at work and did not have time to finish all the assignments. Certification is very important for me and for my training in the profession. Thank you!
This is a general course letting you understand the Financial Market. Professor Shiller is a very passionate finance & economic people, he emphasis a lot times that Finance is not about making money. I enroll this course because of this. There's a lot technical terms being discussed but you need to further research if you want to deepen the knowledge. Anyway, it's a great course and I like it.
It was everything I can ask for. Living in India, I always wanted credible information to understand how the financial system works in countries like the USA and the history of things that are so common around us. Most important and a huge shoutout goes to the ever humble and charming professor who made it a point to keep the course simple yet informative and relevant. Thank you to everyone. 
It was a really a great opportunity to be a part of this course, which ultimately enhanced my skills towards finance and its related concepts.As mentioned before at this very moment i wish to send my love and support to Prof. Shiller for his contribution to the entire course session, Yale Management, and the entire Coursera team for there support and guidance Thank you,Regards: AKASH KURIEN
  The good thing about the course is it takes you through several topics and historical facts which one might not find on the internet easily. The Course is quite good but they have not mentioned the reading material as pre-requisite beforehand which they should include since some topics require previous knowledge. It was me who saw the available resources later after completing the course.
Prof Shiller has created a thorough yet concise overview of all the major financial markets out there while providing well thought out solutions to a variety of important economic issues. Shot with a mix of lectures, small groups, and coffee shop chats. You feel like you're at Yale learning alongside everyone. Refreshing and doable. You're bound to learn something useful from this course. 
I can say it is one of the most useful courses out there, for starters looking to start somewhere or what to pursue in finance you will get a clear picture by the end of the course. It covers all that is required and you will learn a lot more than you can think of and Robert J Shiller is an amazing teacher and his sense of humour is just great. Very interactive from the start to the end.
I enjoyed this course because It's easy to understand although I don't have too much knowledge about Financial Markets. It is a course that helps you to get into the very importance of Economics in the world and the view that it's not just about making money but about putting that knowledge at the service of Society. I recommend it if you want to have a different but very realistic view.
Just fabulous course! Professor Shiller does an amazing job, explaining the basics of finance! I completely recommend the course to every single person, irrespective of their background, to help get bird's eye view of the basic financial terms and tools! Helps you understand why finance is essential, not only if you have taken it up at graduate or undergraduate level; but is life indeed.
This was an incredible course. I learned a lot about financial markets and the more intricate systems of the financial systems that are so essential to our everyday life. Mr. Shiller was a great orator and I genuinely found this course intellectually stimulating and helpful. I'm so glad I was able to have this opportunity to reinforce my studies and better prepare myself for my future.
Dr Shiller seems as genuine as he is esteemed. I'm glad to both learn about financial markets, and that there are people like Robert Shiller and Georgia Keohane out there advancing finance for the public good. I also like the desktop and smartphone Coursera features such as adjusting playback speed, advancing to a particular portion of the transcript, and the quiz/assignment feedback.
Great course if you are looking for an introductory finance course. Financial markets is definitely a value for money course. I learned  a lot about financial markets and appreciated that Professor Shiller emphasizes the good side of finance which is to help reduce inequality. Thanks to this course and to Professor Shiller, i have a clearer vision of what i would like my career to be. 
I enjoyed the course. I'm sure the best Financial Markets' course on Coursera. Intensive and very rich in content. I have learned about Financial Markets from professor Robert Shiller. He is an amazing teacher, his enthusiasm and style make it a pleasure to watch; his expierence as a financial professional could give you a different perspective on how modern financial economies work. 
This was an excellent course due to its human capital and the entire team who provide the knowledge and experience to generate meaningful learning for many people through this financial markets course, and this contributes to improve not only on an intellectual level but on a social level encouraging critical-analytical thinking. thanks to Coursera, Robert Shiller and the whole team.
I am extremely grateful with this course and everyone involved! I had a great time, I learned a lot and I am happy that now I am not so lost financially talking and that I can understand a lot of important matters that I will need in my future life. I promise I will always maintain these knowledges present in my day-to-day life and I will share what I know to make a better society.
I really liked the course, even though it very much focused - especially in the housing part - on the US-American view. I would recommend to also have a look on the housing markets and the problem solving capacities of other countries. I am from Vienna, Austria and the city of Vienna addresses the housing issue very well and as well manages to remain the world's most liveable city.
I loved this course. As an undergraduate student with a very limited understanding of financial markets, this course was a great introduction and covered all the key concepts. The workload is very manageable, and Professor Shiller is extremely engaging. I am very grateful for the opportunity to have learned from such a renowned economist. I highly recommend Financial Markets!
A huge thank to Professor Shiller for his beautiful work and kindness, to Yale University for the unbelievable opportunity to study in, to Coursera team, great platform and worldwild proximity, for your desire to help and to give opportunity for better life in broad sense and for letting me the opportunity to be a student for free. Thank you again! Best wishes and good luck!
Really enjoyed this curse providing a comprehensive introduction into the world of finance. Professor Schiller is a great lecturer who is capable of explaining complex theory in a precise and understandable way, sharing interesting insights from his vast experience in this field. Fully recommend taking this course for everyone, not only for people engaged with the matter.
Great course to deepen your knowledge about financial markets and gain insight how things are in the States which is very helpfull if you are a foreigner and are being taught only "local" stuff. Mr. Schiller is very easy to listen to and may be very similar to your gramps which you might have lost in early age same as I did. Too bad this course has to end. Will miss this. 
A unique course of Risk and Portfolio Management, with not just learning about Stock Markets and managing risks but how to analyse and reduce it by covering the history of stock market understanding the contents behind markets being bearish and bullish. Prof. Shiller made me understand all the concepts by giving relevant and experienced examples in almost all the topics. 
This was a most excellent course, interesting and very well taught. It's not often you get unfettered access to a senior lecturer and a Nobel Laureate at that. Professor Shiller is amazing as a straightforward, unassuming yet immensely knowledgable expert and teacher on a fascinating subject that not enough people understand or even know much about. Take this class!
Incredible course. Over my expectations. Professor Shiller made it all easy to understand. Interviews were just great, and I feel I have received more than a course, a lesson for life trough those interviews. The dynamic of the course was great, videos, examples, translation, etc, what a great way to learn!!Thank you Professor Shiller, Yale and of course: COURSERA
This is a course everyone needs to take regardless of your field or specialization. This breaks down the financial markets and the players and other key concepts in traditional and modern day finance as it relates to our daily activities. I strongly recommend this course to all who are thinking about starting a career in finance or willing to enhance their career.
I was entirely new about to finance. Robert Shiller is an absolutely terrific teacher, he makes all the concepts intuitive and easy to grasp, whenever he missed touching ground in an explanation Harun Gupta (the teaching assistant) clarifies the further. I am very confident that I have gotten a good grasp of basic financial concepts (and maybe some not so basic).
Very interesting course on Financial Market. It deals with most features of the field. As a french engineering student, I learnt a lot and really discovered a passion about finance! Moreover I haven't felt any langage barrier for this course, the professor was really understandable and clear but of course, the specific terms of finance meant some additional work.
This class was absolutely awesome. I have worked in financial markets 20 years and still learned a lot. Professor Shiller gave such a wonderful prospective on every topic. Although I was familiar with a lot of the content, Professor Shiller's approach was one that I had not heard and it felt more first-hand. I hope that I am able to take another course with him. 
One of the best on general finance and economics. It imparts knowledge about how finance developed over the years and builds up one's general knowledge. The structure of this course is very well designed and has is far above the other courses which are generally available. Also, the professor is an expert in his domain, and the salon sessions were really helpful
Amazing prof , DR Shiller - introduces any new concept with so much background and history, that generates a lot of interest. I have been working in the financial markets for the last 15 years and this course has been extremely useful for brushing up concepts across the span. Great concept f behavioural finance and how in real markets it takes a critical stage.
Absolutely wonderful course. Doesn't just focus on the purely academic, but also applies all the principles taught in a practical manner. The course is well organised, with lectures, quizzes, and other compelling material. Robert Shiller, in his lectures, is very easy to listen to and understand. On the whole, I am very happy and glad to have done this course.
It was great honor to learn under Professor Shiller.The course is structured such that a new comer will not intimidated buy the complexity of the subject. Basic graduate level mathematics is enough to understand whats going. Its a testament to Prof. Shiller's not only as an economist but also as a teacher for organizing the subject in such a nuanced manner.
This is an excellent  course by Prof Shiller and gives wonderful insights into the world of Finance and how it is not only some money making vehicle but can also be used for bringing benefits to different actions of society including the underprivileged and needy and not just the rich.Basically,one learns through this course that Finance is for everyone!
Inspirational, especially the perspective of finance as innovation framework to create a better society by reducing risks for the people and innovators. the career/education risk insurance is an extreme good use of the financial tools. Nevertheless there i a lot of abuse of finance from immoral people: but this is in every knowledge area unfortunately :(
Professor Shiller was a great professor throughout all of his lectures and slides. The amount of material that I learned from this course surpassed me expectations. I would highly recommend it to anyone that is looking to start out in the financial sector or even looking to gain the slightest bit of knowledge on how financial markets work in our society. 
I would like to thank Prof. Shiller and his team for this great course. Prof. Shiller has given a comprehensive insight into the financial markets from history to the present. His opinion that financial markets can make our world a better place if financial instruments and market regulations are used correctly was well illustrated by several examples.
Professor Schiller is perhaps the best teacher I have ever learnt from as he articulates each and every concept in such a way that it appeals to both beginners and those who have advanced knowledge of the course. This course was the best course I have ever undertaken and I would recommend this to everyone and anyone interested in finance and business
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Professor Shiller is a great presenter and not just an academic, but also a market participant. I would really like to undertake other courses presented by Professor Shiller.The 'salons' and student discussions were a valuable addition to the course as were the random questions that would pop up throughout a lecture. 
this was my first course i have done from coursera and the first online course i have studied longest the course was really helpful i learned new knowledge that i couldnt able to learn in my university thanks proffesor shiller who influenced my mind in manners I wouldn't have thought of while indirectly directing me to find the much needed answers. 
Great introduction on the concepts of Finance. Perfect to make you draw your paths on and what are the fields of study you would like to deeply study. All the lectures provide a set of references very useful for the future studies. Thank you Professor Shiller, thanks to his team, thanks to Coursera for one more opportunity for personal development.
I've got a better understanding of Financial Markets now that I've taken this course. Its content filled some gaps that I had and I feel more confident now to apply the knowledge acquired in a working environment, investments or just day-to-day life in general. To Prof. Sheller, you just earned a new admirer all the way from Angola! Thank you all.
amazing course. will help you a lot in stocks, debentures, financial management, behavioral finance, insurance, hedge funds, housing markets, an ideal essay writing, efficient markets hypothesis, etc. it sure will help you professionally but also, the satisfaction on a personal level is undeniable. please go through with it if you're planning to.  
I learned a great combination of financial markets,investmests,and the history thats taken place over the years from the great depression to the fall of 2007 and the professor was great and made it easy to understand and giving great advice along the way I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn stocks and investments!!!!!!!!!!!
Great course! Well built and designed. Very good regarding the different "types" of classes and tests, it teaches every aspect of the financial world and gives you a great idea about the importance of finance for the world development and how you can contribute with that world. High recommended course, I believe it is a very rewarded investment.
Prof. Shiller explained financial markets in entertaining way. I had previously some basic knowledge, but his view on markets as part of the technology was really eye-opening. With his historical examples I learned not only how markets works today, but how they came to be.  That helps me to predict where they will go (at least philosophically).
This was a great course. I never liked courses in Finance but this one is very different. It touches upon ALL aspects of finance ranging through theory, concepts, markets, tools but also institutions, regulations and policy. Importantly, it speaks to the importance of finance to economic development and the society as such. Highly recommended. 
One of the best courses out there on Coursera. At first I only expected to learn more how financial market worked. But after the course, I have learned so much more about the role and importance of financial market in daily life. Professor Robert Shiller offers very interesting insights in many relevant topics. Highly recommend for everyone.
Robert Schiller is the best professor that I ever had. Even tho is an online course the way he explains the subjects makes for me seems that im in a real class at the university. I really want to thanks him to spread his knowledge for free, I think that we have an invaluable tool here that nobody that is interested in economics should waste.
Take it as a journey. You'll be rewarded for your persistence. Sometimes, things might fly over your head, but don't lose focus. You will ultimately understand them. It is once in a lifetime opportunity to be this close to a Nobel laureate and understand how his mind works, don't let it pass.You'll learn a lot, you'll enjoy a lot.  Cheers!
This course provides a deep understanding about the Financial Markets and this course have enabled me to extract more knowledge on various rules and regulations and the financial instruments which are being used. This course was fully equipped with the knowledge need for any person interested to know about the working of financial systems. 
Only few courses, faculty and teaching appeal to stakeholders across the learning and professional strata: Financial Markets taught by Professor Robert Shiller is notches up the pyramid, all by itself.Everyone, finance-inclined or not but who daily transacts needs this eye-opening course to avoid the blindness we live with without knowing.
The course gave me a broad and understandable overview of how the financial market works. I enjoyed every single lecture as it was always an opportunity to learn something new or get a better understanding of a concept. The project taught me a lot and listening to the interviews was an amazing experience. Prof. Shiller is a rare blessing.  
I really enjoyed taking this course. The content is very appropriate and state of the art. The examples and exercises are very challenging. The student interaction is quite informative and gives a feeling of actually attending the course in person. The bonus interviews are just the cream on the cake. Prof. Shiller is a fascinating orator. 
A great course to take. It is a great joy to listen to Professor Shiller. The course is very well designed and presents highlights from the lectures as well as from more private group discussion situations. It offers a great overview of financial tools and shows why financial markets are important and what they have to offer to society. 
As a student majoring in Finance and Economics at other unis, many of the concepts were familiar to me. But I still learnt tons of new things with Professor Shriller. This is an amazing opportunity to better understand real world finance and the experience was perfect. Couldnt recommend more to anyone who are interested in this field!
A very good brief introduction about how financialization has help changed the world. Do not take this course to learn how to make money but take this course only if you want to learn about the start of using financialization to improve the standard of livings of people around the world and how it has help to allocated scare resources.
this is my first financial course, and it was great, and I have learned lots of basic and advanced financial concepts, which are really helpful. it gets me to start understanding the financial world I had zero knowledge before.I really enjoyed this course, very appreciated the course and work the coursera and the professors have done. 
Its a really good course. I understood the basics of finance and the working of financial markets. The terminologies used are pretty simple, only some are complex. I learnt a lot of new concepts and a different view towards finance. Really good course. Recommended for beginners who have a bit of knowledge of finance. Its worth it.
This is a broad based course.  Its well worth getting to know Prof. Schiller. A great professor. It veers a little philosophical, but I'm fine  with that. I'm sure there are many quantitative courses out there with less of a perspective. The course also gives a great taste to what its like to go to Yale, and that is well worth it.
Recommend to this course to everyone who wants to understand risk management and behavioral finance principles to understand the real-world functioning of securities, insurance, and banking industries. Many finance and economy books are written based on Robert James Shiller works, you will find this course useful and informative. 
Interesting and informative from start to finish, Prof Stiller adds his personal touch to spice up the material which could otherwise bland. I especially connected with the moral code carried throughout the course on the greater good for humanity beyond the profit and money-generating capacity that the finance sector can provide. 
i used to find the methods by which warren buffet made his money very interesting,, but this course has given me useful insights on the other aspects of finance such as the history of it, how things are regulated and by what... I thank Professor Shiller for giving me an idea about all this.. the course was intriguing and fun too 
Learned alot of new things like behavioural finance and origin of financial products like  insurance and CDOs etc.knowledge of professor shiller is amazing .Definitely would recommed professor to make more advanced version of this course.Best course available on MOOC.thank u Coursera,Yale university and Professor Robert Shiller.
Professor Shiller is a very engaging lecturer and really communicates the material in a way that removes most of the mystery surrounding financial markets.  I highly recommend this course for anyone interested in finance, either as a career, or just to learn more about financial markets for your own personal financial planning.
  I have really enjoyed attending the university, i have found the course is very interesting and informative.There is plenty of support available, a wide range of books, journals and articles available online for students to access. Professor for the course is amazing in the way they deliver the information and support students.   
I found the course very useful especially the insights and presentation delivered by professor from a top tier university. Not only strengthen my understanding to financial markets, I also explored new knowledge and concepts through the course. I am highly recommended the course to everyone who is working in financial industry. 
for me as a beginner, this course seems a bit difficult for me at the start but the way the professor presented every aspect of market leaves no stone unturned,This course is not for a beginner , but with the help of google you can complete it.Thank you professor for this course and Coursera too.I am looking for more courses.
A fabulous overview and for me personally an excellent refresher (many years ago I studied economics, but have gotten rather rusty and lazy over the years) - I once again feel equipped to have meaningful and intelligent conversation about the financial markets, the economy and the 'financial' times we suddenly find ourselves.
Mostly explanations of general concepts and principles, but they are clear and straightforward, not much math. Trusted professor with practical expertise and prizes in the field.Might be suitable and interesting for common folk looking to improve their financial literacy. Perfect teaser for further deep diving into the topic.
it's really good and a must for everyone. Professor Shiller explained it with every aspect I need. I cried at the last Lesson (Lesson #18) with the background music and his thoughts about Finance . I will not stop here. I will also would want to contribute something on Finance one day !! Thank you so much Professor Shiller .
Intro to Financial Markets exceeded all my expectations and I'm not easy to please! I have been recommending it to all my friends and family. It's practical, entertaining and puts topics in social/historical context. Great combination of topics, great professor, great format (lecture, chalk talks, salons and 3 tier quizzes).
What set this course apart was in module four you were tasked with writing an essay on a financial report that you could either agree or disagree with. To me this was refreshing and much more stimulating than the usual quizzes that asked quite basic questions and had multiple usually obvious answers too. Really nice touch. 
Good morningI want to thank Professor Robert Shiller for sharing his knowledge and developing a more humane character in each student on how to manage finances.thank you very much for the course, all the topics are interesting, about how markets work, and the team that makes up this beutiful knowledge platformGod bless you
I have really enjoyed with the contents of this course. Before taking this course I had a really bad image about the financial markets commonly related with speculation, easy money and Wall Street sharks. This course shows that there is also a good side, and how financial markets can improve common problems of the society.
Very didactic and dynamic, really liked the course and it gave me a good start to my studies in economy. It's an honor to hear professor Shiller speaking, my perception of the human mind and human history is totally different, his interest in finance really got into me! Thanks a lot for providing such well thought content!
An interesting course that's aimed at beginners, but is worthwhile even for those with previous knowledge in finance. Prof Shiller gives a solid overview of the field, with a strong emphasis on establishing why it is relevant and how it affects society. Very engaging and thought-provoking. The quizzes are generally useful.
Many many many thanks!!! to Coursera  platform and Professor Robert Shiller! This course helped me to improve my financial skills that I have got from my basic high education.  Now my wish is to work in any big financial company to get a practical experience, and though till now nobody responded to my CV, I keep faith :-)
The course is amazing. Professor Schiller is just mind blowing. He is not only a teacher but also a creator - he has his own informed opinion of markets and the business world and has in reality done things to make improvements. The videos are very interesting and Prof. is also a great story teller with immense knowledge. 
Thank you very much for offering this course.  I am thrilled to have taken it.  I learned so much.  I want to keep on learning about Finance.  It is truly an interesting topic, it helps us to understand how our world works.  Risks are just part of our daily lives and we need to learn how to minimize them and move forward.
My  sincere gratitude to Professor Robert Shiller pour pouring his heart in this course to my advantage. i feel more confident now than when i started . Completing this course ha s helped me  identify a career path in finance. For the time, money anfdeffort invested, the results are extremely rewarding. No regrets at all.
One of the best courses on Coursera and also one of the best MOOCs out there. It is crucial to understand the role of finance from the behavioural as well as quantitative perspectives, especially in the current scenario. I'll recommend anyone who wants to a firm and holistic grasp of financial markets to take this course.
Amazing course for people who want to know about the world of finance.It explores almost all the different areas from mortgages,national regulatory policies,insurance to the stock market and the derivatives market. It changes the way we look at the businesses running this world. Personally had a huge learning experience!! 
Great course and great Professor! I took the first edition of Financial Markets on Coursera and I am glad I took this edition too! Prof. Shiller is a great teacher and mentor and he helped me better understanding how the world works today. In my next life (I am too old now) I will try to pursue a PhD under Prof. Shiller!
Excellent course. Professor Shiller is very clear explaining all topics. This course is really helpful, for people that is beginning in financial topics and also for people that already knows finance. That's because of the point of view of the topics, always with a social component. I really enjoy it and I recommend it.
The course is very specific on the terms and conditions managed on the markets. I think it describes every aspect of finance, in a way that is easy to understand for people that has not studied finance or economics. I think I've learnt much from it, Professor Schiller has a nice soothing way of portraying new concepts. 
Excellent training taught by Professor J. Schiller of Yale University. It has allowed me to clarify and deepen knowledge in the area of financial markets and its impact on the economy of an increasingly turbulent world. Thanks to Professor Schiller for the very didactic and pleasant way in which he taught the classes.
Amazing course and would highly recommend for anyone who wants an introduction to finance. Even if you don't like the area of finance and have no interest in further pursuing it, this course is great for anyone that invests in small amounts or want a good level of financial instruction to manage their money correctly.
Great course for beginners. I am from a non-finance background but Mr. Shiller presents his insights so beautifully and lucidly that it becomes easy to correlate things. But, the course lacks spoon feeding notes and may be that is for us to take things a bit more seriously and get those mental levers worked up a bit.
The course was very good for my knowledge in financial marketing and helped me learn a lot of new things which will help me in my future job opportunities.Robert shiller sir helped me a lot in the entire course.I really enjoyed a lot and got to learn new through this course.Thank you for giving me this opportunity.
Very good general overview of financial markets with the view of how it can foster prosperity for human society.  In particular, it expanded very much my understanding of risk management. Prof Schiller is an enthusiast of the subject and has lots of precious information and good stories to share. I fully recommend. 
This course shows a different vision of Financial Markets. Professor Shiller with a magnificent teaching methodology teaches us all the elements must be considered in Finances. Moreover, his insight on what finances and people's behavior should be is very interesting and inspiring. Thanks for sharing this course!
The best thing that i have learned as a undergraduate till date was my learning from this courseI believe i am blessed to have learned under a noble prize winning professor for no cost. Huge and deep respect for Dr. Robert Shiller the best par i liked about the course was Negative beta value stocks and Arbitrage
I had a Phenomenal learning experience. Professor Shiller's lectures are so captivating and thoroughly designed to prepare one right from the onset for a successful career in Finance. What a great luck to have studied under a world renowned sterling professor at Yale and Nobel Laureate in Economics.  Thank You!
Robert inject a rare blend of human sensibility with intellectual clarity in guiding the learner through the complex world of financial markets in way that is enjoyable, practical and highly relevant to living life with more integrity and responsibility with the financial tools or "instruments" at our disposal. 
Excellent course on fundamentals of finance! I learned so much about how the business world operates. However, the assignments were extremely basic, and could have been designed to better develop/apply lessons from the course. The honors assignments in particular could have been more challenging and enriching. 
A course taught by a very valued teacher. I dont hink theres is much to say about the value you receive from a Nobel Prize holder like Professor Shiller. That was the reason I started this course. The course provided a very broad but fundamental knowledge / overview about financial markets and how they work. 
Professor Robert Shiller makes it so easy for students like me to learn and understand. The whole credit for getting this course across to me goest to Coursera and Prof Robert Shiller. Courses like these are making significant impact on students like me who want to up skill during uncertain economic times. 
Exceptional course that not just introduce the world of financial markets, but also explains how certain things are what they are now, the principles behind these actions/ events/ decisions. Moreover the values that Prof. Shiller tries to instill and inspire makes this course a must for everyone out there.
It's a great course to get started in Finance and gain better understanding on Finnacial Markets and it's components. Robert Shiller shared a wide knowledge and his expertise on the Markets and encourage others to make finances work for the common good. leading by his example. Many thanks for this course!
Thank you Yale University, Professor Shiller, Teaching Assistant Arun Gupta, salon students, Roger Ferguson, Lei Zhang, and Coursera for imparting your invaluable wisdom to  people who have no idea what financial markets were and how it affects my daily life (aka me). Finishing this course was a pleasure. 
I have enjoyed every lecture from Robert Shiller, and would love to continue my studies (for example, with an advanced course on financial markets/economics). I can recommend this course to anyone looking to develop themselves into more financially literate individuals, or that is just curious to finance.
Being a newbie, this course really helped me get a good handle on financial markets. I did during COVID situation where I got to see every concept in action due to turmoil in global economy. Highly recommended for everyone. The structure of course and professor style of teaching makes learning very easy.
I recommend everyone to please take this course, as it is very detailed and simple to understand if you have a genuine interest in financial market and it applications. Very useful, eye opening course for people wanting to start learning something about finance. Overall a very good course for beginners.
I thought the course was a fantastic introduction to not only the world of finance and its history, but also opened my eyes to what a powerful tool financial markets can be for making the world a better place for not only the wealthy, but also those who are attempting to raise themselves up from povety.
This course is important for me as it will give me insight about financial markets which is not only about making money only rather than I will learn about various aspects of financial markets,how it works and how I can implement in daily life.It will improve my knowledge as well as my way of thinking.
Hands down will give this course 5-star. If there was an extra star, wouldn't mind to give that extra. Robert Shiller, Fin Markets Veteran, has excellent knowledge regarding the course and its surrounding.  Overall experience is great. Kudos to people, behind and before the course. HatsOff COURSERA!!
Very useful course with a broad scope of coverage. I specially liked topics like Finance and Society and the assignments. It would have been useful to get into more depth in the typical finance areas like Options, Futures, etc. but I guess that we couldn't have mustered time for that given the scope. 
Instructor is very good. They make this course funny relaxing clear and easy. thank you for great efforts. This courses helped me to understand financial market. I request you to make course little small because it is taken month of me to complete. But the overall course is very easy and knowledge.
AMAZING TO HEAR A NOBEL PRIZE WINNER IN ECONOMICS TALK ABOUT FINANCIAL MARKETS. HIS LECTURES OFFER INSIGHTS ON HOW THE FINANCIAL MARKETS HAVE EVOLVED, WHY THEY EXIST, HOW THEY CONTRIBUTE TO SOCIETY, HOW THEY CAN IMPROVE...SO GLAD I TOOK THIS COURSE. COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FROM OTHER FINANCE COURSES. 
Economics and finance are offshhots of moral science. Financial or an economic health of a country in the long term is a reflection of the social equity or how good is the collective concience of the society at large. Financial instruments are powerful tools to achieve higher standards of living.
Prof Shiller gives a thorough and broad explanation of how things work in Finance. The variety of teaching methods and discussion fora with students presents a lively and multi-faceted approach to learning. Though a Finance professional myself, I many learnt things that improved my understanding.
A complete understanding of the importance and the modern role of Finance with examples from across the globe particularly the United States. The course topics were brilliantly complimented by the "Salon Sessions" which involved a lesson related question and answer session with Professor Shiller.
Hello all, I am Ananth from Mumbai, India. The Course was just amazing. I learnt many new things about financial markets and it's functioning all thanks to Coursera, Professor Shiller and all the teachers of Yale University. Looking forward to many more courses from Coursera and Yale University. 
Professor Shiller is really knowledgeable in finance and can also draw a connection between finance and humanity. I understand now that finance is more than just about maximizing profits through financial markets, but also increasing our human capital, while also serving others at the same time.
Very informative and exciting course. The lecturer is an expert who has deep knowledge in his field and can utilize a lot of real life examples to illustrate the concepts. His way of explaining is also very easy to understand and relate. I will be happy to attend his other courses in the future. 
  Great course! It gives holistic understanding of Financial Markets. Lectures, salons videos and quizzes are done in a way that you learn fast and your knowledge is well structured. I enjoyed a lot the course. I am grateful to professor Mr. Robert Shiller for the knowledge and skills I have got.   
It's nothing short of a phenomenal course conducted by an extraordinary professor whose way of teaching is sure to evoke an interest in finance among the learners. This course has given me a well-round understanding of financial instruments, their uses, as well as the importance of regulation. 
Extremely Amazing course! Thanks Prof. Shiller for such an in-depth and insightful course. I was introduced to the financial markets and instruments available in the markets which I was unaware about earlier. Thank you coursera and Yale university for this awesome course on Financial markets.
Course is very well structured to familiarise with the essentials of financial markets. Insights given by Professor are very useful and help understand practical part of markets lucidly. Overall course is recommended for those seeking initiation or those keen on brushing up theory of markets.
A wonderful overview of the American Financial Market by Nobel Prize Winner Prof. Schiller. It was absolutely amazing to understand the concepts of different fields of Finance. The addition of Psychological and Social aspect made the course even better. I have learned a lot from this course!
Very good content and supporting knowledge from Professor Shiller. The Salon discussions also added a different and fresh perspective to conventional classroom training. I would certainly recommend this to anyone interested in gainer broader understanding of financial markets and economies.
Comprehensive course on Financial Markets (with interesting hints about Behavioral Finance). The didactic and inspirational level of these lectures is absolutely great. Prof. Shiller provides a clear interpretation of modern finance and elaborates on its essential relationship with society. 
I gained a much more exposure to / understanding of the US financial / Stock market. The course material and content are very good and Dr. Shiller presentation is excellent. Thanks to Yale UN and the team members behind this prestigious task. Kind Regards Bassem Saleh - bsaleh355@gmail.com
Really insightful, especially for the people who want to get started with their career in finance and want to know what different kinds of things does the finance involves.  After completing the course one would know what minute things that happen involve finance in some way or the other.
This course has been really helpful in understanding the basic financial working of markets. I am really thankful to Professor Schiller and Yale university to provide us with such a wonderful course. This course will certainly help us as an aid in the financial world out there. Thank you.
A course which adds great value to your knowledge if you are interested in the financial services industry. Prof. Schiller's insights are great and interesting. Style of classes is in such a way that he encourages you to think and appreciate all the wonders of finance. Highly recommended.
I have been a big fan of Robert Shiller's since learning of his development of the Case-Shiller Housing and S&P PER Indices, and after reading Irrational Exuberance, so it was a great honor to be able to study with him, even if it was online through pre-recorded video viewed from Japan.
Nobel Prize awarded Dr. Robert Shiller makes a great analysis of the financial markets. I liked the emphasis on institutions, leadership skills, risk management and behavioral finance to understand the functioning of securities, insurance, and banking industries. I highly recommend it.
While some of the material can be dry, the overall course is very worthwhile. Shiller's knowledge & insight are welcome, but the course is also greatly enhanced by the various discussions with students (beyond just those labeled as salons). The two bonus interviews were also excellent.
I have never Completed a full online course before because i lose interest midway but this is the first time i have completed a course before the actual submission date! Professor Shiller is an excellent person to learn from and he keeps the lectures interesting throughout the Course!
Excellent course.  Professor Shiller made the video's very interesting despite them being educational.  It was interesting and enjoyable.  Excellent quality.  Learned lots painlessly, nicely sized workloads (4hours/week).  Looking forward to doing another course and ideally from Yale.
This is a great course even for a non-finance person like me. There are a lot of takeaways from the course and its structure is systematic and engaging. I would highly recommend this course to anyone seeking to answer the many questions of finance that have always troubled our minds. 
Really great course to get involved in the world of finance. The lecturer makes the lessons very interesting and interactive with the user. I really enjoy the ongoing quizzes, chalk talks and salons which give you a deeper understanding of the coursework. Overall, a fantastic course! 
Professor Schiller gave very clear and straightforward content regarding everything I need to know for the financial markets. Also, i found that the histories examples and stories shared by the professor is getting me excited to understand more about this topic! Highly recommended
This course is one of the best course I've taken so far. Prof. Shiller is one of the most engaging and knowledgable prof I've come across online. This course gave me a spark to pursue this field further. I hope that someday, I have the opportunity to meet Prof. Shiller in person!!
Very good introduction to financial markets from an expert. Dr Schiller is an excellent instructor, and provides interesting examples and stories to clarify his points. I enjoyed the quizzes and assignments as well. I would happily take additional courses provided by Dr Schiller. 
This course is a great way to learn the fundamental elements of financial markets, using mostly the United States as a reference. Besides, Mr. Shiller and his teaching assistant provide valuable insights on the course. Therefore, I highly recommend this Financial Markets course.
Brilliant course, essential for anyone that wants to get introduced in financial markets. Every topic from stock markets to mortgages and financial literacy is explained by an engaging and wise professor which makes it very interesting. I'm very happy to have taken this course.
Thanks to Prof Shiller and to coursera for this wordefull introduction to Market. During the lectures you can experience many points of view and explanation for the same think. Thanks also for the introduction the the modern disciplines on the finance, like behavioural finance.
I took this class because I have no background in finance and wanted a good introduction. This class is a solid introduction to the subject. Prof. Shiller's manner of explaining things and providing historical context on important financial concepts will remain with me forever.
I fully recommend. I have learned more about financial market. I believe, that now i have deeper knowledge. Very interesting topics have been futures, option, stock and real estate for me.  According to me, the best benefit was to listen professor Shiller. Huge respect. Thanks.
It was an excellent overview of financial markets for all kinds of assets. The best part of the course is that there were lots if examples and it was delivered in a very nuanced way. The teacher did not pass judgement on most of the things making students think for themselves.
This is an amazing course, well done team to bring Mr. Shiller onboard for such a cours and given students like us to recieve an opportunity to have quality education from a premium institute which has professors like him. We are grateful to you to provide this platform to us.
Amazing course. I did not have a lot of knowledge about financial markets before taking this course. However through this course I have learnt a lot of this space and cleared many of my misconceptions. Prof. Shiller has a great technique to teach and make topics interesting.
What an insight!This is also meant for those entrepreneurs and  top  executives/ management , who handles P&L of the company.  If you learn well, the detailed knowledge gained from this course would help all of you to handle finance related tasks and assignments. Thank you 
An absolutely incredible course it is. It really helped me to gain the rightful amount of knowledge as I was a complete beginner. It surely helped to me get knowledge. Thank you Coursera and Thank you to Professor Robert Shiller for his amazing experiences and knowledge.
Successfully completed Yale University Financial Markets course with Honors achieving a Grade of 96.8% !I highly recommend this course by Professor Robert Shiller if you aim to gain valuable skills in #financialmarkets #finance #behavioraleconomics and #behavioralfinance 
I recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn about finances. The content is broad, but practical. The lessons, tests and the discussions were very good. It was an honor to have the opportunity to learn with Professor Robert Shiller in an Yale University course.
This course helped to understand the developments in finance and have a deeper understanding of the role finance plays. I was able to grasp the idea of the contents easily. I thank Yale University for offering this finance course, which will be beneficial for my career.
Great Course for everyone who wants to learn about the Financial Markets.There will be some topics you won't understand if you are a beginner. That said, on the internet, you will be able to understand everything discussed in this course and even improve your knowledge.
An exemplary course. Deals with all the basics and more of financial markets and how to understand the market trends. A very elaborate study of all the various concepts and terms of financial markets and stocks. The course is also structured in the best possible manner.  
great professor. simply superb learning. expecting more time with the prof.his teaching mingled with his experiences made him exemplary.explaining from the ground examples makes him outstanding.kudos to the prof. enjoyed and learned a lot.expecting more courses from him
Professor Schiller is the reason to take this course. He understands and explains Finance not just in the traditional sense, but also in an applied way that matters to society and the good that can come from Finance. It's not just about money, it's about us as a people.
Fantastic! I learned a lot about financial theories, modern investment tools, public finance policies and a full scope of the financial markets. I also like the salons and chalk talks among professor, TA and Yale students, which illuminated a lot of concepts. Thank you. 
This course covers the wide range of finance topics and it is very comprehensive. Professor explains all the concepts clearly with examples. This course should be taken by everyone to understand the basics of finance and financial markets and to apply in the real life.
Prof. Shiller is exuberantly amazing!, I mean got to learn a lot from this course, although I was a bit into finance already, still learned a lot of unknown things, his way of teaching is really good, specially the chat sessions, I loved the course, highly recommended!
Professor Shiller provides an amazing introduction to Financial Markets through this course. His experience in the field of Finance makes this course invaluable. The course focuses on teaching why finance is an essential part of human lives and how it drives economies. 
An interesting and entertaining course about the basics of finance and financial markets. A good introduction to those who wants to discover this great world. It is an easy access course even for people who don't have deep knowledge in finance and financial calculus...
I am Prof. Rajeswari.M working in Loyola college at Chennai. I belong to a commerce background and I wanted to learn new concepts in finance. Really I learned a lot about the market situation and market functioning  Financial Market is really a good and useful course.
A very good course introductory course to finance. I have managed to follow the lessons very well even without any formal background in economics. Prof. Shiller is engaging and manages to explain some of the most alien concepts in finance with clarity and brilliance.
Great course with a great professor. The first lessons may be seen confusing sometimes if you don't have a financial background. I would recommend this course to have an overall idea of how markets work and understand they are not as perfect as we think the might be.
The professor teaching this course is the best and the course layout is pretty awesome. It covers all the topics and is taught in a very interesting manner containing examples from day to day life. It encourages us to look at the people side of finance and economics
This is one of the best courses I have ever seen. It's complete, extremely practical and Dr. Shiller explains every detail with great examples and interesting anecdotes. For any person willing to understand financial markets comprehensively, this course is for you. 
I could understand more about the financial markets after this course. Professor Shiller really knows how to engage and explain all the quirkys in the financial markets and how to deal with them. There are important features that I can understand after the classes. 
I enjoyed all of the course, the video platform and easily referable text made the course easier to navigate.  I would welcome more calculations related to finance and financial valuations ... am now looking at next course options with those skill sets.  Thank you!
This is a great course, I work in the capital markets and doing the course I could learn a lot of theories and new concepts that sometimes it is difficult to learn only doing daily tasks, really enjoined the course and the time spent on it was really an investment.
Its one of the best courses on Coursera. It gives us a fundaemental knowledge of financial market. Prof. Robert Shiller has done an amazing job and kudos to the course designing team as well. A wonderful course even for those who are from non-economics background.
This is a really good course, especially for beginners who would want to learn the basics of finance. It covers mostly all the aspects of finance. Also, Professor Shiller is a fantastic teacher and I would definitely recommend this course to everyone. Best wishes,
Cool course! Wish I could submit assignments without paying, I did that with other universities on this website, they're trying to make money from poor students ofcourse but content is pretty cool. Just audit it for free, no one cares about the certificate anyway!
This course provide a perfect study to revise and improve my understanding of finance as an MBA post-grad. The instructor very aptly make us understand the main philosophy behind the financial concepts as well as their fine application in the real world markets. 
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and was extremely satisfied by Prof Shiller's lectures. The chalk talk helped to expound on certain ideas or financial lingo that seemed challenging to understand at first. Kudos to the team and hope to take another class by Yale!
Professor Shiller is a great economist and a great teacher, his broad knowledge and way of teaching is simply superb. I wish I had professors like him in my college. Nevertheless this course felt like directly sitting in the yale classroom and learning from him.
robert shiller is a very good teacher the course is complete thank to coursera i have learned so many things with this video even if i am working in finance there are some important points to take in accountthank you yale and coursera for this amazing experience 
  NO WORDS CAN DESCRIBE HOW HAPPY I AM JUST THE FACT TO ADQUIRE THOSE KNOWLEDGE AND THE POTENTIAL TO BECOME A BETTER PERSON AND ALSO HELP OTHER TO FULFILL THEIR DREAMS ITS MIND BLOWING TO ME. THANK YOU ONCE AGAIN I'M TRULY GRATEFUL FOR YALE AND COURSERA FUNDATION  
I really enjoyed the opportunity to be a part of Robert J. Shiller's lectures. I'm excited by the possibilities and opportunities that a platform like Coursera can create. I have no doubt this new method of education will serve many across the world. Thank you!
Absolutely loved the course! Very informative, fascinating and thorough. Prof. Shiller has been extremely engaging and has simplified even complex concepts for the learners. Would recommend this to anyone who is looking to expand their understanding of Finance.
Professor Shiller explained all concepts thoroughly and precisely. He was able to carefully untangled the intricate, interconnected webs of the stock market, the global economy, and governance. I would wholeheartedly recommend this course to any peer who asked.
This course has expanded my knowledge regarding the depths of financial markets. Professor Robert Schiller's lessons were both interesting and funny. The way he described sometimes complicated topics in interesting and simple ways helped me finish this course!
I am very happy to complete this course in coursera. it will helpful for developing country student like me. They are able to learn better education and get excellent instructor from this platform. I hope coursera will be even getting better success in future.
This is an excellent course for all financial services professionals!  The course teaches the fundamentals of finance and economics!  The course instructor, Professor Robert Shiller is a Nobel Laureate in Economics! You can't find a better instructor than him!
Robert Shiller's course is an insightful, interesting experience.  The course gives a beginner explanation to all the different financial instruments and innovations that are being done in today's world. A must-do course for those entering the field of finance
The course helped me understand the basic principles of financial markets. I found Professor Shilling's lectures to be well-structured, valuable and engaging. The recorded discussions with students added more perspective and so enriched my Coursera experience. 
An excellent course by Professor Robert Shiller (Yale) which gives a broad understanding of the financial world. Highly recommended for those who are new to finance as it is not overly complex. The course is very well structured and the lectures are brilliant.
I feel very lucky to have this course under guidance of Professor Schiller. During this COVID 19 lockdown period, the time spent in Financial Markets learning was one of the great achievement for technical person like me. Thanks Professor and Yale University.
I love this course and highly recommend. I learned many new knowledge from this course. Mr Shiller explains things very clear. I benefited from this course a lot. And I was quite moved at the end of this course when the Mr Shiller says some nice wishes to us. 
Enjoyed the course, at times found it difficult to get my head around a few things and had to do some extra reading or learning, but I had no real background in Finance. Enjoyed it very much and enjoyed the Coursera experience as a whole. Would recommend it!
It was a very good course. It teaches the basics of finance really well. I have almost no complaints about the course and its contents. However, i feel that some tricky topics like futures and options could have been given more time and dwell deeper into it.
This course is very good on the way that you can see how finance is in everything we see on a daily basis. Also on how to look finance a little bit more on the social aspect and human behavior, with a lot of content on the history of finance. I recommend it.
Realy very nice and useful course, that covers different aspects of financial markets! And really well done (recording, salons, comments, tests)! Thank's a lot for the authors and aspecially to Professor Shiller for sharing his knowledge with wide audience!
Very interesting syllabous. Up tp date. Either good new knowledge for someone who does not know, or a nice refresh for the ones who know this knowledge more or less. It worths the effort. Dr Shiller is fantatic. His real life students are lucky to have him! 
This course is very informative, easy to follow, and I have rarely seen a professor as engaging and informative as Mr. Shiller. To anyone who wants to have a basic knowledge of how Finance plays a part in our economy, I highly suggest to take this course. 
Overall, it is excellent. One of the main theme of Financial education is to understand and use it to make "civilization work better" (quoting Prof. Schiller). Some mathematical treatment, and little more  of stock, options, and valuation will be great. 
Fantastic Course... just a disappointment that the  Certificate of Completion is not FREE as advertised?  I understand the 'original' document would incur a cost, but surely a student would be granted a 'digital/electronic' version of the certificate???
It's a very complete course that allows you to look at financial markets from a different perspective, I think it can be of great interest for anyone trying to get involved into the financial environment. The lecturer, Professor Bob Swiller is the best!
The way the teaching went was wonderful, especially the discussions about a thought was a very thoughtful way  to drive the thoughts which went on like a day to day life conversations. The course was very productive to me and was filled with knowledge. 
This should be a course that just about every mature adult should take to learn about the basics of financial markets. The story telling format/way of teaching of Professor Robert Shiller makes the course an enjoyable and memorable learning experience.
I highly recommend to rely on youtube videos to clearly understand the meaning of some terms for those who have really limited experience with financial world. Thanks to everyone involved in making this course available to people all around the worldd
Prof. Shiller makes the Financial Markets course very easy, connecting the dots in real application.  He is a true Genius. I am very honor that he is my Virtual professor, a lecture from a Nobel Prize awardee. I just hoped that he can make more MOOC. 
Excellent course for the beginners. I am an engineer and still I wanted to learn basics of finance. This course is the best choice if you want to understand basics. I would like to add that professor Shiller is very brilliant in explaining concepts.
Course of great academic and practical value, allowed me to deepen knowledge of Finance and understand the human side of the Economy. Congratulations to Professor Schiller for his great work making the course enjoyable and profound at the same time
The course is very beneficial for anyone interested in the world of finance. Prof. Shiller is just amazing and teaches with enthusiasm and passion which motivates students to learn and discover aspects of finance far beyond the scope of the course.
very useful and interesting course - for both beginners and professionals. You will get a lot of knowledge about the history of the financial markets and understand the reasons why the markets behave themselves in a certain way. Highly recommended!
I`m strongly satisfied with this course. It was new experience for me and I thank developers of the course, Professor Shiller and also assistant Arun. I`ve gained knowledge in the Finance, Behavioral Finance and much more than that. Thank you all.
The course is very helpful and educational at the same time. I honestly feel educated and enriched by knowledge even though I am still in the early stages of my studies. Thank you so much for granting us this opportunity, truly knowledge is power.
When I started this class I knew absolutely nothing about finance. After finishing this amazing course I have a good understanding of all the different financial markets and devices. First two weeks were tough for me but I'm glad I stuck with it.
'Financial Markets' is an excellent course which provides valuable insights into the functioning of today's financial markets. It also affords a view of some of the latest financial innovations which can be creatively employed to benefit society. 
the lessons are very clear and not so complex to understand. And the conversation room brings a plus on a way it gave me a space to think on the questions that the students were asking, on which I saw myself with the same doubts. Thanks Professor
Such an amazing course. I knew nothing about financial markets starting out, and I know feel able to hold my own in a basic finance conversation. Professor Shiller is a wonderful instructor and clearly a brilliant man. Would definitely recommend! 
the course was entertaining throughout, and it provided an interesting and valuable insight and introduction into the basics of finance and how many of these things will apply to our real world lives as present/future working members of society.
A necessary step towards the world of Finance for students. The Modules are highly relevant and engaging with incredible insights by Professor Shiller on the Financial Crisis of 2008 and the overall functions of different Financial Institutions.
Professor Shiller is an excellent teacher, always attached to the real world and to how finance affects every single one's life. Although I've found the slides too summed up, the overall content of the course is very relevant. Excellent course.
Excellent course which combines theory of finance with practical experience from past till present (till around 2016). Attending this course can be of interest for finance professionals as well as private people, as the content matters to both.  
Prof. Robert Shiller makes this course exceptional and different through his knowledge, delivering style and experience in finance. Loved the course. It is highly recommended to anyone who is interested to know about various aspects of finance. 
This course is an entire package of Financial Markets designed in a very thoughtful way. Mr. Robert Shiller is a wonderful teacher! Thank you for sharing your knowledge and helping me take my first step into understanding the Financial Markets!
awesome course.I really didn't know anything about how the financial markets work , but now i know how it really works and how behavioral financing impacts on the financial management. This course is really helpful . Thank you professor shiller
I learned about every importante aspect of finance, the general theory of it, the why, and the how. Fantastic, it gave me a lot of reality on what it truly exists for, and gave me a lot more knowledge on which to decide my future business life
Learned many thing from the financial markets like, make an informed judgement about whether or to what extent a financial market satisfies the conditions of an efficient marketidentify the main factors that could detract from that efficiency.
Teacher and collaborators with very good ability and good will to guide students towards a better understanding of what is "financial Market" l am very grateful to have dedicated this time to learning this course of "financial Market" thanks.
A very diverse introduction on financial markets that cover grounds on every essential concepts needed to comprehend basic financial reporting in everyday media as well as indepth discussion of theory vs real life through the "Salon" sessions
It was such a pleasure joining with Prof. Robert Shiller, by the end of the course I personally gained a lot of knowledge and thank coursera for giving me such a good oppurtunity to learn something very interesting and it was glad to be here.
Great overview of the important aspects of financial markets and how these help stabilize the system over the years. Moreover, Robert Shiller provided valuable insights as both an academia and as a businessman himself about financial markets.
This was a fantastic course. The professor's engagement with the class was remarkable. His knowledge on the subject and the way he allows his students to relate to it is brilliant and goes a long way into the way students understand concepts. 
The course is amazing, the dinamic of the professor is great, I was able to do in my on time, and every material and resourse are high quality, the course gave me a nice understanding of the financial market that I will continuated to study.
Most badass course ever. I'll be doing it as many times as I need to get this subject down! This guy is a genius! I love Dr. Shiller, I love his positive uplifting attitude toward money, and I love this amazing, high-end course. Go Bulldogs! 
An excellent overwiew of key aspects of financial markets with accurate information, relevant  and concise explanations help understanding techniques including behavioral finance. Brilliant course, I learnt a great deal, thank you so much !
I immensely enjoyed this course on Financial Markets. I enjoyed the lessons and I'd like to say that Prof. Robert Shiller conveyed the learnings as a story-teller rather than a typical lecturer which kept my concentration with greater ease. 
This course provided amazing insight to financial markets.  I have been in financial markets for many years, but this course gave me a different perspective on various markets.  I am already using my new enlightenment with positive results!
Great course . It was a great learning and enriching experience . Respected professor Robert Shiller explained finance and financial markets in the most simple way yet making it very effective to understand and apply it in day to day life. 
Absolutely loved this course! Prof Shiller is extremely knowledgeable and I loved how he gave us the history on everything that was taught. I wish I could take classes from him in person. Thank you for an amazing course. Highly recommend!
i am very happy to earn the grades and the certificate. I'm very grateful to Robert Shiller for his efforts and excellent explanations of topics. I believe that the knowledge I attained in this course will definetely help me in my career.
Very pleased with this course. Professor Shiller presents the information in a way that kept these concepts interesting and relevant to current events. I could not tell that these lectures were from years prior. Truly a wealth of insight! 
I rate this course very highly. I learned the concepts and most importantly I developed critical thinking ability on the regulations and operations of financial markets. I would surely recommend this course. Regards, Dr. Suman Chakraborty
Exceptional course by Yale and my thanks to coursera for providing me with a platform to learn from such a learned man. Special thanks and respect for Professor Schuller who is really a very wonderful and knowledgeable man of this field.
  Dears,I had a great pleasure studying with you. I am an experienced teacher, a MSc in education and a defender of the EAD process. The Financial Markets Course is well designed and evenly distributed in units and questionnaires.Thank you  
This is one of the best courses about finance, especially; if you just want to start your career or learning in the finance world. Prof. Shiller talks about not only formulas and numbers, but the deep meaning of finance and its purpose.
This was a wonderful course that addressed the benefits and shortcomings of financial markets and how the issues that evolve may be mitigated.  Professor Shiller is an engaging and enthusiastic lecturer.  I highly recommend this course. 
Prof. Shiller make everything easy to understand, and in general is a great pleasure to listen to him. The course architecture is great, and I personally found it as a really nice way to learn, or get deeper knowledge during spare time. 
Extraordinary course for who are fascinated and new to financial world.  Professor Shiller  not only explains you concepts but also inspires a lot and make you more fascinated towards financial markets and behavioural economics/finance.  
Great material and presentations. Professor Shiller has great knowledge and knows how to pass it in a simple way. Very didactic.I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is new to Finance and wants to start getting involved with it.
An absolute delight to go through this course, especially the lucidity with which principles  and logic behind the subject was communicated by Prof  Robert Shiller.....It truely is a honour to have learned from you Sir!!!....God Speed. 
I love it and I learned so much about the fundamentals of the financial market. These are the things that you cannot just find. A real lecture is what it takes to fully understand the financial market. Thank you to the great professor! 
One of the best courses in Finance for students trying to learn about the Financial Markets. Dr. Robert Schiller deserves special appreciation for his effort in simplifying all the key concepts. Special thanks to the Teaching Assitant
Had a great experience and learned many new terminologies.Even though being a fifteen year old boy I was able to understand the ideas and the terms and was able to crack the final exam.Great teaching by Sir Robert J. Shiller.Thank You
Excellent course, really wanted to learn the concepts behind the financial markets I should have learned in school and I accomplished this goal. This knowledge is very updated although the course had couple years. Highly recommended.
It was a very good and well programmed course. I learned a lot from the course and would further like to enroll for other such courses. The professor also taught very professionally and I understood each and every word he explained. 
As a Grade Student of Finance from Argentina about to graduate, I affirm this course is simply excellent. Having as a Professor nothing less than Robert Schiller explaining everything is just something to thank the times we live in. 
I am extremely indebted to professor Robert Schiller and coursera for giving the basic idea of finance , financial market and the mental aspect surrounding to investment which is definitely going to help me in my future  . Thank you 
The course is extremely useful in understanding the basics of financial markets. I would recommend this for everyone who doesn't have a formal training or exposure to the working of financial markets. Professor Shiller is excellent!
I think that I invested my time very well in taking this course. I learned so much. I liked the students forums. I think that if I had a textbook as a reference or complement it would help me out so much to answer the quiz easier.
Its my first time to feel that financial markets is really enjoyable to be learned. And I really respect Mr Robert Shiller because his reward of noble, and this feeling to be teached by someone who won noble it just something else
Comprehensive and relatively in depth. There are quite a lot of relevant, up to date touches to the course. Quality content. I hope this can propel me further in my career. Very useful information to become financially efficient.
I am very grateful to the platform of Coursera, as it lets students learn from the very best instructors of the elite universities. This course has motivated me a lot to pursue a career in finance. Let's see how far I can reach.
Robert Shiller has an amazing style of teaching. He explained many concepts with real life examples that made it easy to relate. Moreover the syllabus of this course is ideal for anyone who wants to know about Financial Markets. 
Loved it. It would be awesome if you could include new material with information of what has happened after 2016. Maybe a lecture or interviews of important finance events. Dr. Shiller is very easy to follow and a joy to listen.  
It is an amazing course and the best part is it is at a really cheap rate. I am studying Macro eco right now in my grad school and the topics i learn here are quite helping me understand the connection between various variables.
He is a great professor and I never end up going past the first week for any class on coursera however this course is more robust and entertaining then any of those.   I highly recommend this course for anyone the likes finance.
Dr. Shiller taught the finance in a view angle that  is bigger than anybody else to deliver the truth meaning the purpose of finance. The class changed my way of looking at money, trading and finance as a whole. Amazing class.
Worth to learn, no matter what background you are. Professor Robert Shiller explained lots of prominent knowledges about finance in a simple understood way. Knowing more financial literacy improves your about our civilization!
I really enjoyed this course, well done, interesting, very actual, and very well explained by professor Shiller. I got totally involved in his way of teaching, he showed passion and huge competences. A very huge thanks to him.
The course was exceptional. I feel like my knowledge about the efficient market and finance has broadened. Great examples were given and each concept was thoroughly explained. I am so glad I have decided to take this course.
Its just a sublime course ,mainly i loved all the lecturers who thought me in this .This course helped me a lot to know deep about financial markets.I THANK YALE UNIVERSITY AND MY UNIVERSITY FOR PROVIDING ME THIS OPPURTUNITY
Amazing course. Professor Robert Schiller is just amazing. Was engaged throughout the 7-weeks worth material and wished this could have gone on forever. It was quite insightful and helped me develop a liking towards finance.
Through this course, I have learned not only technical financial terms but much deeper meaning of the financial markets which I have  always wanted to understand financial issues, I feel very lucky that I took this course.  
Great Course to get a basic understanding. I wish more maths could be involved and lectures be recorded from the lecture rooms. The same course is found on Youtube (from 2011) and i believe the same content would be ideal. 
It is a brilliant course for beginners in financial markets. The lectures given by Prof. Shiller are so easy to understand and comprehend. The salon talks and various discussions also helped me better understand the topic. 
Thank you Prof. Robert Shiller for your valuable lecture. It was a great time following and finishing your lecture. Would it be possible for asking advice for further online course after this financial markets? Thank you.
Largely Informative course with great real life examples and application....Lecture Notes or General Notes could be included which contain definition of terms used, important events etc... Coursera shall take note of this
Absolutely spectacular course. Professor Shriller has been absolutely amazing and has won highest degree of respect from me. It has been a mesmerizing course with such enriching experience and so much knowledge to absorb.
I Accomplished my goal on advancing my knowledge of finance and marketing. Working at my own pace really helped me thrive in this environment and I will be recommending this course to all my fellow friends and colleagues.  
An excellent course which touches almost all the aspects of various financial markets. One needs to have a bit of prior knowledge to understand the course. Overall, it adds a lot of value to one's financial understanding. 
The course is very useful for all the persons who want to start his/her own business or want to invest in stock market. It is very interesting and fruitful for all level of business entrepreneurs as well as employee too.
I'm greatful been taken under the financial aid facility I could complete my financial markets course from the reputed Yale University quite well. Everything is so synchronised here. It is the best source I could find !
A wonderful course that introduces the many nuances of finance in an easy to understand, engaging manner. Professor Shiller is a delight to listen to, and the online experience is one of the best I have encountered yet. 
Great course that goes surprisingly in-depth into financial markets and financial thinking. Definitely worth it for people new to the finance world as well as those who have been working within the industry for a while. 
Great course, without a doubt the best way of learning basic financial markets, you can apply this knowledge in every aspect of finance. The professor is really good, it's worth taking the course just to learn from him.
Professor Schiller has structured this course excellently. Even if you do not have a firm grasp of the field of economic, such as myself, you catch on quickly. The contents of the course are useful in a everyday basis.
Financial Markets course is very carefully designed by Prof Robert Shiller. Basics are very well explained which helped be update few concepts. Recommended for people who are interested to understand Financial Markets.       
Useful to get in touch with Finance, its origin and the practical real-world application of its instrument. It is recommended to whom want to learn the basis of finance, even without an economic/statistical background.
It was an honor to hear one of Prof Shiller's lecture. It was insightful while he walked through his audience through the financial crisis in the history. His economic outlook are always interesting  and fun to watch.
Professor Shiller would not disappoint, great updates on the content since the 2013 version. Would love to see more courses like this in economics, maybe Raj Chetty's data science for social good? Keep it up Coursera. 
Wonderful course for an entry-level individual who wants to approach for the first time the financial markets, expecially becausa it give you the olistic optic that it is required to understand the markets as a whole.
This is very much a historical and just holistic view of financial markets, there is no insight on how trading works selling and buying stocks, etc. If you just want to learn about the market go-ahead if don't do it. 
One of the best MOOCs on the internet. Course is taught by a Nobel Prize Winner and really feels like a true college class. A great intro for anyone attempting to teach themselves about the business world in general. 
Thank you, the Yale course was a wonderful journey through the world of financial markets. Also Robert J. Shiller (Nobel Prize) is an excellent teacher. I'm already analyzing which one will be next Congratulations!
Very well designed course with exemplary delivery by Pro. Shiller. His emphasis on democratization of Finance is a novel attempt. Retail & ordinary investors will benefit having basic knowledge of finance.Thank you.
Great course, great professor, great insights, a must for any financially active (or inactive) person to understand the history of financial instruments and the logic (and psychology?) behind them.Highly recommended
By far the best lecture class i have attended online and with much attention. The learning of financial markets can be this interesting is giving me further satisfaction that i'm a part of this course. Great course.
It has really been a very interesting course. I have learned very useful topics, and the master classes have been accompanied by many examples, accompanied by the Professor's great experience. It has been exciting.
This is the second time I took this course and as always it's been such an intellectual and even emotional pleasure to listen to prof. Schiller lectures! Thank you for such a wonderful knowledge sharing experience!
Great enjoyed taking this course. Dr. Shiller's lectures and discussions really helped to understand the concepts that the course aims to teach. I look forward to learning more in the areas covered for the future.
This was an amazing course with a plethora of diverse areas. This course has truly helped me in getting a better picture of the financial world and how things work there. It was really insightful and engaging too.
The course is very informative, Prof Robert did a fantastic job while creating the study material . This course will provide you with the key knowledge required to help build a career in Finance domain of study.  
Amazing course if you have the patience and determination to understand technical financial terms, and engage in several aspects of what constitute a financial markets, then this is your course.  A lot to learn. 
Very timely in this time of recession due to the pandemic. I love the thought that the field is not just about making money but it is about making things happen, and for the collective welfare of the community.
Interesting and atractive course, it has a different approach about finance in many aspects such as social impact and how it works in the economy. The lectures from Dr. Shiller are extraodinary and interesting. 
Mr Shiller's passion to provide fi financial literacy is really inspiring. Not many are great thinkers as well as teachers at the same time. He is rare gem. I felt he was personally teaching me. Great connect.. 
Excellent course for anyone who wants to improve knowledge in finance. Most important themes (including new tendencies) are included. Professor Shiller is great in every aspect, making this a smooth experience.
Robert J. Shiller has shown remarkable prescience in this course, he literally successfully called the dot-com bubble. After hours and weeks of reading, I have gained an in-depth knowledge of Financial Markets.
Excellent course to really understand how financial markets work in our society and its relevant role, and it allows you to know that finance its not only raising money but also making civilization work better.
WITH THIS COURSE, GET TO UNDERSTAND THE GLOBAL ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT, HOW GLOBAL FUNDING WORKS, AND HOW IMPORTANT THEY ARE TO OUR CURRENT SOCIETY, ENDENDI THE TRUE FORM OF INVESTMENT, AND FIND MY TRUE VOCATION.
This course is very useful as it deeply gives us knowledge of how to work on financial markets and gives all the basics and important knowledge of financial markets. Proffessor makes us understand in pure way.
A very insightful and inspiring course! It altered my view of the importance of finance in society, and instilled in me an appreciation for and fascination with its intricacies and psychological underpinnings. 
Excellent Beginner level course. I learned why things are the way they are in Finance. Good to know the history of things as well. This course does not reach how to buy stocks, bonds, or any other instruments.
This course provides in-depth knowledge about Financial Markets and lays a strong foundation to capitalize on key principles.It surely lays a great knowledge base which can help to attain zenith in this genre.
Excellent course with extensive information on various topics on financial markets.  And especially, it is an honor to take it with Professor Shiller, an eminence in knowledge, pedagogy and social sensitivity.
Highly recommended course for everyone interested in finance. Professor Robert Shiller explain everything clearly and the course is available for everyone, even if you are not really introduced in this world.
The professor and TA were outstanding, the lectures and explanations were clear, and the assignments were excellent. I'd only desire to see a little more mathematical rigor, but that's probably just my thing.
I can't define what this course has impact on me but this course changed my view regarding the finance.This course also improve my basics and gave me a lot of knowledge. This is the best course for beginners.
I really enjoyed this course. We can learn the comprehensive theories of Finance and various kinds of historical situation and case during the lecture. Thank you for the wonderful opportunity and experience.
Amazing experience of reviewing Financial Markets with Professor Shiller, a world reference on the subject and a Nobel Prize in Economics. I liked the professor's point of view. Thank you for this experience 
This course has helped me understand different instruments of Finance and helped me to see finance from a different prospective.  The aspects like behavioral Finance looks so obvious after you know them. :)
The professor wonderfully simplified the ever complex financial market that is integrated part of today's modern human civilization. If you enjoy a thought provoking lecture series ~ this course is for you. 
Robert Shiller is just amazing. The way he teaches using real world examples for explaining things makes the lectures way more encouraging and interesting and his knowledge is exceptional to say the least.
The course helped me get knowledge of plethora of financial markets that exist. Working in finance industry didn't give me so much opportunity to know what exists in financial industry but this course did. 
Exceptional course covering a broad spectrum of topics for anyone interested in learning about Finance. Professor Shiller provides in-depth analysis of certain issues encouraging the learner to think more.
Brilliant content and wonderful teacher, at the highest level ever seen. Not only pleasant but also absolutely inspiring. I could be listening to Robert Shiller for hours. Well, infact, this is what I did
The course was amazing. To be able to learn from professor Shiller was really valuable and although it will definitely stay with me for a long time, I know for fact that I will come back to it very often.
Amazing! Simply amazing! Professor Shiller's course is really 'human friendly'! Professor Shiller is definitely the right person to lead you into the challenging world of Finance! I am very grateful.
What a privilege to do a course of this calibre with the one and only Robert Schiller! Its been truly inspirational and there is lots to follow up on. Well done and many thanks to the entire course team.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and I will highly recommend it to all of my friends. The course gave me an excellent overview of the financial markets and I learned many details that I never knew before.
It was a wonderful course. The professor was really amazing , and the best part of the course was each and every term were  being explained with real life examples which made the course more interesting. 
This is one of the beat courses I have taken on finance. Being a normal guy who loves to learn more about economics, this course provides with lots of information and real world examples. Damn. Loved it.
Very Interesting and educational course. The professor explains himself very neatly. This is a good way to learn about financial markets and the best part of it is: that this will help you in real life.
It's an amazing course, I strongly recommend it, professor explains every concept clearly, and brings examples from real live to understand the theory of financial markets. He also uses a lot of charts. 
Its a fantastic course . Thanks to University and all the faculty members for teaching in a very effective way . I gained a lot of knowledge from this course . Once again i thank to all the Professors .
Fantastic course with comprehensive teachings on basic financial knowledge, emphasizing not only on the money side, but to explain and illustrate the power of finance to create positive social impacts. 
Professor Robert Shiller is a legend in true sense. I started this course with a mere curiosity about financial markets and now I am even more curious about what's left to know in the field of finance.
Excellent, thorough and practical. The Course was very demanding and challenging., but Professor Shiller and his team made it enjoyable and easy to understand. The course was worth the time and effort.   
Its a very good course for those who are from finance background. Coursera is doing a wonderful job. Professor Shiller is an amazing finance teacher and guide. He has an amazing personality. Thank You.
Professor Shiller is not only a brilliant economist but an enigmatic storyteller as well. The pace of the course is good and the examples drawn from the real world makes it easy to connect the dots.
Very interesting course!Very well organised in terms of lessons and exams and addressing and discussing all main topics in Financial Markets. Moreover great Faculty with great guest speaker as well.
Prof Shiller opens up a much broader world of finance, other than how to make money, but how to make the world better via incentivizing everyone using finance instruments and financial innovations.
Robert Shiller made learning about Financial Markets very interesting with a dash of humor.  He is insightful about the different topics and gives and explanation to both sides of the coin. Thanks!
Very complete and very well teached by Dr. Shiller with the main focus on doing whats best for the society and best for our world. I learned alot and I cant wait to put this new knowledge to work.
One of the best courses i have taken on coursera, incorporating Psychology to the traditional finance theory which makes it exciting and  fascinating. Thank your Professor Shiller, you are awesome.
Through this course I've learn the basic of financial markets and some behavioral economics; In fact I have a master's on financial markets and this course only improved my skills on this subject!
What an excellent course.  So much to learn in so little time.  It is of interest to see the Yale University Campus and the Business Students intertwining their responses to questions of interest.
I am very glad that I invested my time in this course. A big thanks to Prof. Shiller for teaching us about finance. This course is very informative and I will recommend this course to my friends.
I am a beginner who wants to start a career in finance, I must say this course has been truly helpful to me in understanding the basics of the financial theories and their real life applications.
By far the best MOOC I've taken in terms of pacing, content, and presentation. To any university who wants to know how to successfully communicate via online platforms, look no further than this. 
Excellent and comprehensive course on different financial matters, very engaging presentation by Prof. Shiller and would love to see more extensive courses on each topic that was discussed here.
Professor Shiller is very well learned and even more articulate in explaining concepts of financial markets. Offering this course for free is portraying his belief in democratization of finance.
I found this course very useful and found the professor quite engaging and informative. The course as a whole was very interesting and gave me an insight into the working of the world around us.
Robert Shiller is an absolutely amazing professor who explains everything in a relatable manner. Thiss was a beautiful experience and I learnt a lot through the course. Will always cherish this.
Professor Robert J. Shilleris my idol. I have never seen such a wonderful class, and he is so very humorous. For someone new to the financial industry, his course is simple but deep. Full marks.
This is a wonderful course that teaches the core essentials of Financial Markets in an unusual but more realistic style. Two weeks in and I can already discuss concepts with expert-rate traders.  
I enjoyed the layout and overview of the basics of Financial Markets. I enjoyed listening to the professor during lectures and his Q&A session with students. It made me feel as if I was at Yale.
Great course for anyone interested in the functions, operation of ways to engage with financial markets.  The lessons are engaging with plenty of real-life stories of how to apply each concept.
Great course for people that want to understand the financial markets field better.Prof. Shiller is a pleasure to learn from and the materials in the course are well structured and informative. 
Engaging course materials, very thorough explanations and handful examples. It will give you holistic understanding of what is in financial markets to help you navigate better in finance world
A well presented introductory course to financial markets. Robert Schiller does an excellent job at passing on his vast knowledge and experience without overwhelming students with information. 
Brilliant, loved this course and wished it had gone on longer! Prof Schiller is an amazing teacher and so engaging - he made finance so interesting and easy to understand. Thanks so much Prof! 
It is fantastic course covered most of the topics of the Financial Marked.  Special Thanks to Prof. Robert for his valuable and great presentation and teaching skills.  Thanks to Prof. Robert.
This course had taught me a lot. Many gratitude for Prof. Robert Shiller for his contribution. I hope I can take a step more closer to work in financial industry. Thank you Yale and Coursera.
I Thank Coursera for giving me this wonderful opportunity to learn from Noble Laureate himself. Thank you Sir Robert Shiller for this lifetime experience. You are indeed an inspiring teacher.
Professor Shiller is exceptional in his packaging and delivery of the vast financial world. This course is great for anyone interested in finance and wanting to learn more about the industry!
The best econ course I've taken(an economics major saying this). Professor Shiller's insights add so much depth to the course, making the otherwise black and white topics of finance vibrant.
This course has been very interesting and useful. In fact, I have learned here more than in my masters classes. Professor Shiller is an excel in Finance. I am glad to have taken this course.
Thank you for allowing the student to really focus on learning the information. I found the lectures and the Salon Discussions to be intellectually stimulating. I looked forward to studying!
It was very interesting in all subjects and very helpful to understand much better the financial markets.  Also, the knowledge of professor Shiller is good for the amplitude of the subjects.
Professor Shiller is incredibly well-prepared and knowledgeable. This course is a must if you want to learn how the world works and the nuances in the financial markets. Highly recommended.
Very well explained, It was such a blessing of Globalisation that we can learn from such a scholar. Loved the course. It has given me the basic idea of Financial Markets from the beginning. 
Compared to my previous finance courses this gave me a new insight that shows purpose rather than technicalities. We got to understand the big picture behind the formation of modern finance
such an extraordinarily amazing course very informative, professor Shiller is amazing and clearly explains everything. benefited a lot from this course. thanks to Yale, Shiller and Coursera
I really enjoyed the way the course was given! Excellent work for the professor! I will definitely use his works as references for my future projects! Good job to the Coursera team as well!
A great way to come to terms with the necessary and always present role finance plays in our life, and a way to understand its role in making our lives better from a world class professor. 
The course is very well structured and taught. Professor Shiller explains perfectly well all the basics of Finance. My favourite coursera's course so far. Don't hesitate and take this one! 
I want to thank Professor Robert Shiller for an excellent course and introduction to financial markets, this is something not only for our personal benefit but also for society as a whole. 
Excellent course. For someone new to finance, this was a wonderful introduction, full of interesting, relevant content. Honour to be taught by Prof. Shiller, such a global thought leader!
great course to understand the basics of Economics and how it affects our day to day. Recommended to everyone trying to start from scratch to get into the world of finances and economics. 
This is a very interesting course that gives you a broad understanding of the functioning of financial markets. I absolutely recommend it to anyone that wants to learn more about finance.
In this course professor Shiller gives you an idea about financial markets , how they work, their valuation. This course has been very useful and it is better understanding for beginners.
I really liked the course. Was amazing to have the possibility of learning from an amazing Teacher well known in the community. Professor Shiller is also an amazing teacher I have to say.
Exceptional summary of the fundamentals of Financial Markets. Engaged both the newcomer and seasoned professional alike. Professor Schiller is a shining star amongst the field of finance. 
Great course for laying a good foundation of knowledge in the sphere of financial markets. Robert Shiller was engaging in all the lectures and his passion for the subject was infectious. 
This course provides a great foundation of knowledge about financial markets, as well as background on investing terminology and strategies/tactics that are used by the finance industry.
I learned many concepts more consistently. I want to work in the financial market and I know that I need to have the best knowledge possible, and as deep as I can to have a strong base. 
Truely Amazing lectures and a pleasant insightful knowledgeable journey into the world of Financial Markets.  Thank you Coursera, thank you Yale University and Thank you Prof. Schiller.   
I am very happy to complete the worthy course of financial market which helped me to clear many concepts and also to be aware of international financial market. Thanks to Robert Shiller 
A great  overview of the ideas, methods, and institutions of financing. Being delivered by a single professor, Robert Shiller, Nobel price winner, made it unique and worthwhile for me.  
It is a very complete and interesting course. It covers all topics that regard technical financial terms and the functioning of the financial markets. I am very happy to have attended!
Excellent program. Especially the lectures of Prof. Schiller is eye opener to many new concepts. Had a totally different perspective of same Finance which was learnt in other programs.
Years after completing the original course, now I equally enjoy this revamped version and Professor Shiller's wise words once again. Thank you Professor, I hope we can meet some day :)
Professor Shiller is exceptional at explaining key financial concepts. He talks about his own personal thoughts and financial views which add more perspective to the world of finance.
A very good course for people who want an overview of the tools that finance and financial engineering can provide, even for those who are not necessarily pursuing a career in finance
A supeb course which I have gone through. Professor was seriously good and helped me learning and course. Thank you so much coursera for bringing The Yale University course down here
Dear professor, this course enriched your knowledge not only about finance, but about everything that involves the financial market. Thank you for your time, teaching and dedication.
Excellent Course. It helped me to understand the meaning and purpose of financial market in a phenomenal manner. Thanks to Dr. Robert J Shiller :-) I had a great learning experience.  
Thoroughly enjoyed the course and have more of an appreciation for the workings of the financial markets. Well presented by Professor Robert Shiller in an easy to listen to lectures. 
It is very help to very student to attain this course mainly because we can develop our skillS and learning power  time management and we can learn financial markets details properly 
Excellent introduction to financial markets by an esteemed professor. Concepts are very well explained and accessible, illustrated by interesting stories and historical perspectives. 
This course and Professor Rober Shiller are the best, I learned too many things about the financial market, once again, the course and the teacher were spectacular, 100% recommended
Professor was very insightful and easy to follow. The salon discussions were very helpful too! I might look into buying certificate. I really enjoyed this course. Thank you so much!
A phenomenal course covering all the aspects of financial education and that too by a noble laureate. The engagement level and teaching style are also great. Everyone should do it.
A very interesting course, designed for someone who wants to learn the basics of Financial markets. The Professor is a Nobel Laureate and engages with a fluid teaching methodology.
This course is amazing! Very useful and professor Shiller is very engaging, I am so glad I had the opportunity to attend and complete the Financial Markets course here on Coursera.
I loved this class!  I think the professor's ideological values about finance helped to make this more interesting as well as worth while.  I am extremely happy I took this course.
I learned technical terms f unknown fields. I strongly recommend this course not only for new people in finance but also If you are from another field. Professor Shiller is great!! 
It's been a very useful course! It teaches you the very basic concepts of finance while enhancing your understanding of people behaviors when it come to invest. Really recommended.
This course was everything I needed to dig deeper in the finance world.It is very didactic and interesting.Robert Schiller explaining things makes you want to search more about it.
Amazing course. Introduced a lot of learning components and changed my perspective towards a lot of financial tools and services! A big thank you to professor Shiller and Coursera!
I fell in love with the way Professor Schiller takes you through this Course. Although many concepts were not new to me, I preferred his lectures to music in my early morning runs. 
This course was really amazing. When i started it, i was thinking it will be about making money. But it's more interesting, more complicated. I'am really glad to pass this course.
This course is very essential for new and existing players in the financial market. I must say I enjoyed every bit of the program. Thank you, Yale University for this opportunity.
This course offers a great opportunity to learn the information regarding how do the financial markets work, proliferate, and thrive. Recommend it to anyone interested in finance.
A very interesting course, I learned a lot about a subject I was interested in... I just wished I had a stronger preparation in maths and economics, but I think I'll work on this!
Thank you Coursera for giving us students of all ages and qualifications an opportunity to learn finance from one of the leading professor on the subject...Prof. Robert Shiller... 
It was a great course, a total overview of Financial Markets. Prof. Robert Shiller explained the theory and insights with great enthusiasm and humor. Highly recommend this course.
This is the' best course of the financial market. I am fortunate to listen opinion of the professor Robert Schiller. His remarks on each topic are things to take from the course.
very interesting to understand how finance can help people to reach a highest level of knowledge and Finance-freedom. I'm a financial advisor and help people is a mission for me.
Excellent course! It was an honor to attend this course of Prof. Robert Schiller. Very well organized, make you think, it is a true journey into the history and world of finance.
"I love Prof. Robert Shiller and his way of intuitive teaching. I wish
he produces more risk management and finance courses in MOOC platform to
democratize good quality education."
Very good overview on financial markets - great way to jog my memory and learn all sorts useful new facts about the financial markets. This course will make me a better investor. 
To have a Nobel prize winner as a teacher (even online) is something unique. Everyone which is interested of how financial markets work in the real world should take this course.
It was a pleasure to be a part of the course, I enjoyed every moment. I highly recommend it for any one interested in Financial Markets. Professor Shiller is an amazing teacher. 
It is simply a blast to listen to Professor Shiller, who drops witty elements of wisdom in all areas of economics that the course goes through. Really worth the time investment!
Professor Shiller impressed me a lot. Even though I had been graduated from non-english speaking university, I have studied a lot through Professor's "Financial Markets Course". 
I particularly love the wealth of knowledge available on this course. The depth with which Prof taught the courses made the concepts stick. I appreciate the salon sessions too!
The course was a great overview of Financial Markets. It was a great course with valuable information that has inspired me to delve deeper into the  world of financial literacy 
This course offers a good, broad overview and history of financial markets.  Professor Shiller shares his extensive knowledge with interesting examples and an engaging style.  
I've learned so much. Definitely a must course when you want to delve into the world of finance. Professor Robert Shiller did a fantastic jobs on discussing all the concepts. 
A great course by a Nobel Prize laureate. I especially love the wrap-up of the course. Think about your position in the historical transformation, instead of your life cycle.
this course actually helped me understand situations around me , which I though may not even have huge impacts on the society as a whole. Thanks for the opportunity coursera.
Great Teacher with great knowledge. Helped me a lot to understand about financial  Terms and Markets. How to invest, what things t care before investing. etc Thank you Sir :) 
Excellent course with an extraordinary professor. The quality of this course is definitely in the communications excellency of Prof. Shiller. Also, the discussions contribute  
Extremely grateful to Coursera for the possibility to take lectures by Professor Shiller, 2013 Nobel prize winner. This is probably the highest quality possible in education. 
I highly glad by participating in this course. A student, specially from business background must take this course for shifting their knowledge to an upper level. Thank you.         
From this course I have learn how market and financial institution work and also taught me about finance. It also need professional manager to manage our property or assest.
Robert Shiller is a excellent professor/mentor. Ive practicing his advice in my professional and personal life and all have increased my point of view and decisions making. 
Very informative, I have spent 8 years in finance in various different roles in banks and corporates and I still found a world of material in this course that I didn't know.
Excellent course educating about a broader financial market I could think of, lots of quizzes and fun. Thanks a lot to the whole team, Professor Shiller and Yale university.
Great program for keen investors. It arguable opens a path for someone to pursue Investments as a career. it lays the ground work necessary for all things financial markets
I had an amazing time of learning. The professor who is rich in knowledge was able to share wisdom through his lectures. This course provided learnings in life and finance.
I really thank Coursera and Professor Robert Shiller for providing this course. It was full of helpful information and a great way to get a deeper understanding of finance.
"Essential course for those who do not have a basic financial background 
and want to understand the basics of this world. It was taught with relevant real life experiences. "
A lot of concepts were covered in this course. The professor is very well informed and uses real life examples to better explain the concepts. Overall, a very good course!
I enjoyed this Course. I always enjoy getting extra knowledge during this I got many. Lectures were very well engaging and Professor Robert Shiller's a well versed person.
I would like to thank the entire Coursera team and of course Robert J. Shiller for designing such a beautiful course that helps people new to the world of finance like me.
Everyone who wants to have knowledge related to finance must go for this course. Its an amazing course and will help you through out. Robert Shiller is an amazing speaker.
This course was really helpful in enhancing my financial skills.I like how professor Shiller  help me to understand everything.Thank you coursera and Yale  university.....
The financial market course by yale university was very nice. I get to learn about the new financial concepts and many more things in financial world through these course.
The course I took here, taught me how to turn theory of finance into practical model of Financial markets. Coursera is the key to the success and advancement of my career.  
Just perfect, the course offer the principles of finance, and the teacher is amazing. I would have him in my university, he explains finance like a mother about her child
A great introductory course about various financial market and its instruments. I think everyone should learn about financial market. And this course is a great resource. 
A very holistic program that focuses also the why behind the what, and how we can all play a part in taking this forward for the betterment of others. Highly recommended!
Exceptional course! Incredible speech, analysis and examples by Prof. Shiller. Thank you very much for being part of this course. With ultimate gratitute. Iosif Iosifidis
Muy completo, tiene todos los elementos relacionados con el Mercado Financiero. Este curso tiene un Profesor de alto prestigio  y una Universidad de las mejores del mundo
Excellent course, well explained. Professor Shiller is able to explain complicated subjects in an easy manner with fascinating anecdotal evidence and historical examples.
I have zero ideas about the financial world so, in one way or another, this course gave me the insight and knowledge of how finance shapes and runs our world. Thank you!
I took this course because of Professor Robert Shiller's view on the Efficient market hypothesis. I do agree with him and I wanted to learn more from him. No regrets!!!`
Great course. It would be nicer if it includes references to read since there are so many details covered in so short period of time. I really enjoyed Professor Shiller. 
I really learned a lot from this course, especially about daily activities and how banks function.Thank you Dr. Shiller for allowing non-Yale students to learn from you.
thank you very much to Coursera, Yale University and Professor Shiller, it has been a great experience and I will keep all these learnings as long (and as deep) as I can
The course well covers its objectives. The materials well structured, interactive, fairly demonstrated the aspects of financial markets & its quiz is also well designed. 
This course really helped me gain a very good understanding of the financial markets. Recommend to all those who have none or very little knowledge on the above subject.
It is delighting to learn from Mr Shiller , a noble laureate directly. I wish there are more questions during the lecture. So that we are more attentive while listening.
I strongly recommend this course for bachelors. They can learn many things from this. Thanks to Mr. Robert J. shiller for making us understand so easily and efficiently
Robert Shiller's engaging style of teaching is clearly reflected in the course modules. It is a very insightful course and a must for all embarking a career in finance.
It was an interesting course because I have learned a lot more specially how insurance and mortgage systems work around the globe. Thanks to the Instructor and his team 
The best course to learn more about the US financial market, which is most advanced in terms of innovation. Also learning how finance can reduce inequality and poverty. 
Engaging professor, accessible material to someone without a background in finance, and yet still covers a great deal of important material in a relatively short course
Great course, learned a lot, I recommend it to anyone who wants to know the basics of finance and investing! I will definitely come back to review the materials, 10/10!
An awesome course to get people started on the path to complete financial literacy. It provides students with sufficient understanding of an exhaustive range of topics.
Great course. Many thanks for offering this great opportunity. Funny to learn from an American that the Dutch were such early financial innovators. I did not know that.
A great lecture series to understand more about Financial Markets. The explanation from the TA also adds our understanding of the material. Overall, an amazing course!
Beautiful course, I have read various Shiller books and following him in a course has increased my knowledge on some aspects that I did not know in finance.Thank you
Great course, provides all the basics to the understanding of Financial Markets and goes in depth into behavioural economics in an eloquent and easy to follow fashion. 
I am extremely delighted to have studied this course. It brought an additional meaning to finance and its applications especially in the modern economies of the world.
The best finance course I ever had, paid or non-paid. Thanks for Yale, Professor Shiller and  Coursera for the great work and you are making this world a better place!  
This really was an eye-opener in terms of the amount of perspective it delivers which really intends to tell you what finance is about contrary to conventional wisdom.
A very well conducted course that not only provides the student with very practical knowledge of financial markets but also provides many insights from Prof. Schiller. 
Great course. It gives a good overview of finance in general. I should however point out that there are some US components which aren't essential for everyone to know.
It is an excellent course that help me to have a better context about the finance market in the capitalist world . Also that finance. Does not mean only getting money 
This course served as a great and comprehensive introduction to financial markets and how they can be used not only for profit-making but also the good of the society
I loved the course to the core. Getting it learned from Professor Robert Shiller was the best thing that could have happened to me. I consider him my Guru in finance. 
I loved it. It was very informative, moderately challenging and the theory was constantly supported with the real life examples. Loved the Q&A sessions with students. 
Excellent course! I really enjoyed it and I recommend it as well. I got my professional degree in finances but I still learned something new with professor Schiller.
This cours is very help full to my specialization financial market and i very important topic learn to this course and i am very happy for this opportunity thank you
It has been a privilege to be a student of Robert Shiller from an inaccessible  location!!Thanks to his teachings I believe I can apply for a new job in this market.
The course is really helpful to enlighten on the various aspects of financial market and the way it was delivered by the instructor Prof. Robert Shiller was awesome.
Great course. Prof Schiller is excellent. Provides an excellent overview of financial markets. The insights in this course of financial markets was worth the effort.
I am very satisfied with what I learned in the course, each lesson provides knowledge that makes you see the business world from a different perspective. Excellent! 
Quiero darles las gracias por esta gran oportunidad de aprender y tener este certificado, gracias por ayudarme a cumplir una de mis metas mas importantes en la vida
Professor Robert Shiller is a true inspiration, and his Financial Markets course is a must for anyone wanting to achieve basic financial literacy and understanding. 
This is a great overview for someone like me who didn't know the basics of the financial markets. Thank you Professor Shiller for the efforts to create this course.
Great course and great teacherIt was a privilege and a amazing oportunitie taking classes from Professor Shiller, nobel prize and a grat teacher.thank you very much  
Excellent course. I would recommend it to anyone, doesn't matter if you want to study finance in the future or not. Basic knowledge that everyone should know about!
Exceptional course. The professor is engaging, the topics are relevant and contemporary, and treated with interest. Clear even for non-finance people. Recommended.
Excellent course for any one who wants to learn about Financial Market. Prof. Shiller is a brilliant teacher and makes student to glue to screen and listen to him. 
I have learned a lot on financial markets especially in derivatives markets and function. I also have a better understanding that there a social element to finance 
Exam questions were carefully selected to return your attention to areas you may have missed and give a deeper understanding of various concepts earlier discussed.
Amazing course, everybody should listen carefully to Robert Schiller he is a brilliant human being who really makes you understand how the financial market works.
Professor Shiller is an amazing economist, he has not only expertly explained the Financial Markets he has also inspired me to find a purpose in life and finance. 
A great course headed by Prof. Shiller which deals with a great number of financial matters in a very clear and thorough manner, through the use of real examples.
Greatest course I ever participated in Coursera. I am grateful to Professor Shiller and Coursera's authority for arranging such a wonderful program. Thanks a lot.
Engaging course, that helps to get the dust off the knowledge one already has, sprinkling it with topics that may not have been the focus at your business school. 
Was completely worth every minute. Gave me a better insight into the current market and trading practices ( including the histories of how the markets evolved ).
The overall course was truly great. Professor Shiller in particular has an immense facility to convey complex concepts in a friendly way. Fully mind recommended.  
Open the world of Financial Market and almost cover the knowledge of finace and economics.But,I would like more in Fincial Engineering or Mathematic for Finance.
It is a very comprehensive, comprehensive course and fantastically explained by Professor Robert Shiller.I can only flatter his work and recommend the course.
Was able to understand in detail what many of the common financial terms meant. And also about working of markets and how finance and economics are interlinked.
a great opportunity to look at the topic from another angle. I have learned many new things and interesting facts, which I havent been taught at my university. 
Very good introductory course . It is more focused around the markets in US, especially for the topic of US. This can be highlighted in the course introduction. 
The professor does a good job at discussing finance with ethics. Thank you, Professor. I looked forward to your discussions daily, during the COVID-19 lockdown. 
WELL THIS COURSE HELP ANYONE TO UNDERSATND FINANCIAL MARKET MORE AND COURSE TEACHER GIVES EXCELLENT EXAMPLES OF REAL WORLD  AND THE WAY HE TAUGHT IS VERY GOOD . 
An excellent experience overall. The course is very well designed and Professor Shiller does a great job of making the course informative as well as engaging.
must take for anyone wishing to get some preliminary insights on financial markets and understanding the fundamental terms and concepts  in the field ofinance
i always wanted to learn about finance and this is the best course for that. I have fallen in love with finance due to this amazing professor 'Robert Shiller'
Excellent course and topic. I would highly recommend this to anyone. Professor Shiller has explained the entire course in a very interesting and engaging way. 
This course is absolutely brilliant. I really had a great time learning the origin of concepts and how they evolved through centuries. Thanks, Prof Shiller!!!
This course is well structured and gives an overview on financial topics. Now I am motivated to further studies, to deepen my knowloedge on financial markets.
This course provides a social aspect to the field of finance. This completely changed my views regarding finance. Professor Shiller is phenomenal. Thank you.
This course is the thing that i just wanted, got to know many concepts in the world of Finance.It would really help me in the future. Thank you Prof. Shiller
Very Insightful course for a beginner. A right mix of a theoretical framework and practical experiences to help students develop an understanding of Finance.
excellent course designed. honoured to study under the guidance of such an esteemed university and from such an esteemed professor like Mr. Robert Schiller.
the objective of this financial market is to understand the concept in the context of financial market micro-structure and the costs associated with trading
First Coursera class.  Enjoyed the intellectual exercise.  Bob Shiller is a great professor and the course is a matter of the utmost importance to our time.
I like professor Shiller. He have some some intresting opinion about finanial market and he is very organized and charismatic. I hope i can work for financi
wonderful course for anyone who wants to know the the most important and required basics of financial markets . The lectures were simple and understandable.
A very useful course. Just like professor said, you would understand how the world wok. I wish I could meet him in person in the future. A brilliant person.
It a was the best educational course of my life, came to know so many things which was unknown to me. Hope a new start of my career with a great knowledge. 
i really loved your course.I am not able to reset my deadlines.i am almost in week 5,i would really like to continue this course.please help me through it.
This was an exceptional and rare opportunity to learn how to navigate through financial times. Robert Shiller truly did a great job in leading this course.  
A great mix of fundamental concepts of financial markets and behavioral economics because of Yale's principles and the teaching style of Professor Shiller. 
Insightful course with an amazing professor. Definitely recommend to anyone who wants to gain some basic knowledge of the financial markets and industries.
Excellent course for the ones aiming to start in the world of financial markets.Key points perfectly explained, in a easy way.Ententaining course, no doubt
One of the most complete courses on Coursera. Covers all aspects of finance, in addition to an in-depth discussion about the history of Finance in America. 
The course is very good and very interesting , it is well expained I learned many things that will serely help me in  my daily life, Thank  you very much.
It was such a wonderful experience with Yale University. The teachings are awesome. Shiller has such a wide knowledge about finance.Thanks Yale University
Really helped in gaining knowledge in various sections of finance and economics. Very well designed and well explained course. Would definitely recommend.
I love the lecturer , he's very educative and I think he should write a book or something ! Or post motivational videos about finance and money and life ! 
It benefitted me alot. I am a student from Economics background.I thank Professor Schiller for the effort he put forth. Thank u sir and Coursera platform.
What an amazing perspective on financial markets, and monetary motivation. Love the course, Love the teacher, I think anyone can benefit from this course. 
It was a great overview of Financial Markets by a great teacher. I have learned not only about stocks, bonds... but also how finance can change the world.
A very well defined course for introduction to the world of Finance. No financial or economics background needed to take this course. Highly Recommended. 
Great course! Professor Shiller will gift you with so much amazing informations, concepts and stories! Also, the tests are very helpful on your learning.
Great course! Complex financial terms are explained in simple words with various examples. Moreover, professor Shiller's presentation is really engaging.
Great course. The professor has great knowledge in the subject, knows how to explain it in an engaging manner and is evidently a kind, moral human being. 
It was an interesting course and every little time i had was always to be on the  screen and i had a good exposure to trade secrets in financial markets.
I enjoyed every bit of this course, it exposed me clearly to the world of finance without leaving any major financial concept untouched. Worth the time. 
Professor Shiller was very engaging and made me love the topic. I am now able to understand how markets work and explain the different msrket phenomena.
I have learnt so much, and have solidified my foundation knowledge of financial markets. This course is easy to follow, super interesting and rewarding!
Mr.Shiller is outstanding in explaining the things in a very practical way and its truly a good start for a new comer in the field of financial markets.
Utmost insightful and informative course that gives sufficient overview on how markets work, what is essential for being successful in managing finance.  
Thank you to the professor Shiller! Great course! It helped me to have an overall understanding of finance, your historical examples were very helpfull.
I really liked the course, I talk a lot about the situations that are being presented and it helped me analyze the market in a different way. Thank you
It was very amazing experience . I learned alot about financial markets . Thank you Yale University for giving such a wide knowledge about the topics . 
Great course! Professor Shiller's lessons are very engaging and make you understand even the most complex concepts in a simple way! Highly recommended.
Very insightful and very practical knowledge in Financial markets. I am so glad that I took this course and deeply thank Prof. Shiller. He is a legend.
Very good course overall covers all the necessary basics of finance and it is a good course for those who are willing to dive into the financial world. 
Professor Shiller is the best Professor I have met. Really loves the Finance and let you understand and appreciate it. I would start the course again.
The course definitely helped me clarify many of the financial tools and notions, and hopefully I will be more successfull with the future investments. 
It was really very useful knowledge gained during the course. All the lectures were very detailed and gave a basic understanding of the stock markets.
It was a rewarding experience. It really improved my knowledge and my performance as a financial professional. Definitely, I'd recommend to enroll it.
Great Course!  ALL the concepts and topics you need to know to understand how the financial world works. A must for everyone.Thanks Professor Shiller!
It is such an amazing learning opportunity from one Nobel Prized author. Professor Shiller explain each topic with an excellent sense of didacticism. 
Such a fun course for beginners interested in understanding what drives the market. Prof. Shiller is very engaging and simplifies difficult concepts. 
My expectations about this course had been satisfied. Professor Shriller gets you to pay attention and his explanations are great and easy to follow.  
The exams and concepts of every lesson have a very wide overview of finances making the course more complete and with key concepts to study Finances.
Thank you so much for Coursara. Really it is a fine place to learn and equip ourselves. It is a place where we can add one more credit to our career. 
It taught me a lot of things in a very sublime way and also kept  me engaged by clearing the broader picture on the types of products and their usage
this course helped me so much especially in the behavior finance field , and it's very engaging with the learner over all a very helpful experience .   
Robert Schiller is a fantastic person and teacher! The course was above all my expectations, one of the best I had. Strongly recomended for everyone.
Excellent Finance course! If you like the finance field you should totally take this course, it will help you to enrich your knowledge on the topic. 
A great introduction to financial markets with good explanations and challenging assessments. Really great for someone pursuing a career in finance.
The [rofessor was amazing and i had an amazing time learning under Dr. Shiller.It has been a memorable month and i will never forget this experience
I have learnt lot of things about Financial  studied through  this course .Our instructor is explained lot of thing very nicely. Thank you Coursera. 
The course was well stitched and wholly based on example driven teaching which made it enjoyable, Thankyou Prof. Shiller and Coursera team for this. 
This was a great course and covered a wide spectrum of finacacial. It really impacting my knowledge of the finance system and its function globally.  
Professor Robert Shiller has impressive knowledge and style to explain complex concepts in the simplest and engaging manner with real-life examples. 
It is a great course for people with any background. I am a financier and value what Professor Shiller and Coursera bring to the students very high. 
I learned a lot! The instructor is simply amazing and the material is really interesting, I just think that it would be great to have more readings.
Amazing course! A wonderful professor who lead a clear and enjoyable course on the basics of financial market. Fantastic for beginners like myself.
Great, but I found I found that learning this course must have some professional basic knowledge to learn, I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't finish it.
very interesting and intense course that makes you see a new perspective of the financial markets both in the US and in the world. Excellent course
Professor Shiller explains concepts very clearly, classes are great and well-divided which makes it very efficient to re-visit some concepts. 10/10
Well structured, informative and inspiring course. Recommended to anyone who wants to gain insights in purpose and mechanisms of financial markets.
Personally I loved this course and the main reason is the way of teaching adopted by professor Dr. Robert Shiller.A big Thanks to him and Coursera
From these courses I got to know about financial markets n dealing with that n economic too how world is using financial services in banking n all
Nice, well-structured course, which outlines the human side of the finance, while giving the introductory notions of the markets at the same time.
It's a good point to start if you are intereted in stock, shares and all of the topics involved about stock exchange!! Thanks professor Shiller!!
Very nice introduction to markets, especially diverse in regulation topics. Shiller is a fantastic professor, who has a diverse sense of finance!
amazing course very very informative and i am so grateful to be able to learn from one of the greatest economists in the world Dr Robert Schiller
If you want to learn about finance, be it financial market, financial regulation, money market or the stock exchange, you are at the right place. 
It was a really great course with a lot of important information. The best thing was that the information was given in a very understandable way.
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to learn about financial markets. You people are doing great in spreading knowledge throughout the world. 
Amazing introductory course to finance. Robert Shiller is an incredible lecturer with enthusiasm and a down to earth nature that is hard to beat. 
Professor Shiller is simply the best. This an excellent course for those who aims to learn more about Financial Markets and Economy. It's a must. 
Loved the course and would definitely recommend it to students interested in finance. Dr. Shiller makes it all wonderfully simple and meaningful. 
An Absolutely amazing course for anyone and everyone who wants to know more about how everything in this world is connect or related to finance.
This course is awsome a like very much. Professor Robert Shiller help you understand so much about finance world and how this impact on society. 
Shiller is a brilliant professor, I have never thought I would enjoy a finance course that much. Salon talks are the best! Thanks for the work.
Robert Sir is a very talented  person ,got to laern lots of things in this course.It was amazing.Thank you so much coursera and Robert Shiller.
Good information regarding Financial Market broadly. Very helpful for me as securities regulator. Thanks to Professor Shiller for sharing it!!!
The information is well consolidated, but if you did not take contact with financial terms before it will be little hard to digest information. 
Exceptional well structured and state-of-the-art online finacial training from Yale University. Thank you for sharing this with the world  !!!
Professor Shiller provides historical development of Finance, the motives behind and offers his valuable insight on various aspects in Finance
A very complete course! One of my biggest achievements here in Coursera! Is not easy I must say, but the teacher is a Nobel Prize in economy!!
Great course.  Learned a lot about Financial Market as a whole.  Also, I was very please in learning the history of Financial Market.  Thanks.
The course was highly beneficial. Gave in insight on how the market works. Would highly recommend to people starting their journey in finance. 
Fantastic course. Great information disseminated in a easy to follow and interesting way. Prof. Robert Shiller gives very informative lectures
very educational. did not just offer facts but broadened my understanding and challenged my views and thoughts on the global financial markets
I absolutely loved the way Prof. Shiller went about teaching in this course. Would recommend everyone to sign up for this introductory course!
Great introduction to financial markets. High quality teaching and contains much learning for everyone with interest in Finance and economics.
Excellent and learnt a lot form this course. Sir has explained with lot of examples and experiencies which were of very great useThanks a lot
Really learned a lot from Prof. Shiller! Very interesting and engaging course that I looked forward to every week during COVID-19 quarantine. 
This is a brilliant course to obtain basic information regarding finance and the professor makes the course extremely engaging and palatable.
This certification taught me how behavioural finance and financial markets work. A big thanks to Professor Shiller, Yale and coursera. Kudos. 
Well-organised content and knowledgeble professor and helpful classmates. I will definitely recommond the course to my friends and relatives.
Very informative and mind opening course. A lot of useful materials even for myself who does not work professionally in the field of finance.
Excellent course. Thank you very much. I have now a different and richest view of several aspects of the complex context in which we operate
Exelente el profesor y los temas abordados , nos da la posibilidad de acceder a profesores de talla mundial desde cualquier parte del muno .
A good and friendly course which is suitable for all kinds of people. Each theories are easy to be understood and the professor is engaging.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course and learnt so much much than i thought i would. Learing about who things started was really interesting also.
In my opinion the course was absolutely excellent. Not only was it well organized but also the lessons were interesting and quite practical.
I enjoyed the course a lot and it has given me great fundamental knowledge on financial markets. Thank you very much Professor and Coursera!
This course has equipped me with knowledge on trading and financial markets management and better investment management in the world markets
Dr. Robert Shiller made finance and financial markets simple enough to understand. Very helpful and inspiring course. Thank you Mr. Shiller!
The course gives a very useful overview on the financial markets. It's the right course if you're approaching this field for the first time.
This course is very useful.  I like that he combined all everything including history, so I can understand the root of the problems we face.
I would like to thank the Professor who approved my Financial Aid request. I will be in contact with him and hope to see him in the future. 
Great Professor! He gives practical examples of things happening in our day-to-day lives. A Must do course for all the finance enthusiasts.
It's a good and very useful of the course and ,I like and it's our profession of use to courseSelect the course and you get a new knowledge
Excellent course. Great to get started in understanding the finance markets and understand how they can benefit society and not just a few.
The lecture is not yet finished but it is amazing and challenging. The materials are very good and the quiz are very clever ! so, Excellent
Professor Shiller delivered the most sterling lectures ever in this course, and i am so glad and be proud to be one of his scholars, thanks
One of the best course of finance I've ever taken by a prestigious university. And professor Robert Shiller may deserve most of the credit!
I've learned a whole lot. This course is great for someone who wants to get a global understanding a finance while going into some details. 
Very enriching both personally and professionally. Passionate excellent teachers which make the course all the more engaging. I recommend!
I am so glad that you have given me the chance and the opportunity to study and know more about this course, thanks so much and God bless.
Professor Schiller takes a difficult subject and teaches it in such an engaging manner. I enjoyed and benefited immensely from his course.
Love the professor's insights, and ethics, and the way he simplifies everything, but still doesn't shy off from slightly deeper reasonings
I really great course for anyone who wants to understand and learn the basics of financial markets from an engaging learning by Dr. Robert
Amazing course, thanks to Professor Shiller and all the faculty involved. Truly incredible opportunity for everyone interested in finance!
I got a lot of information from this course and professor Robert shared some of his life experience, and understanding variety of markets.
It was an awesome course, very informative and enjoyable. Thanks very much Professor Shiller, Yale University and Coursera. Cheers, Khine 
i liked this course very much, i learned lots of things. The professor is also so good. I am very happy for doing and passing the course,
This course helped me to understand the finance basics and purpose of finance in our life (not just about making money but improve lives)  
I've learned a lot from this course. Hopefully there will be more courses that can help people to become financially literate. Thank you!
The course was very informative, easy to understand with various examples. Thanks a lot for preparing this course for a beginner like me. 
This course is absolutely great. Helpful, informative and useful. What a privilege to study Financial Markets by Yale and Robert Shiller. 
This course is a huge knowledge-based upgrade for students who have already studied finance. Especially in the case of the United States.
Really wise people manage to explain complex theories and concepts in a simple way. Robert Shiller is an example of this. Just EXCELLENT!
This course is beneficial to anyone who wants an intro to Finance! Prof. Shiller was great and 'salon' sessions covered most of the Q&As. 
Nice course. I have learnt a lot about financial markets and take risks. It was a challenge to me doing it whole in english (Im spanish)
Todo Es perfecto, el profesor, su asistente y todas las conferencias, felicitaciones es un programa perfecto. Felicitaciones nuevamente.
I LOVE PROFESSOR SHILLER. He is an expert in what he teaches and knows about the financial market more than anyone else according to me. 
This course teach numerous background knowledge of the financial market which allow students to get basically familiar with the finance. 
Im finding the course comprehensible and succinct; the professor teaches the language of finance that inspires me to continue learning.
Thank you for a course that was able to deliver results in an easy to understand manner and got me actively engaged all the way through. 
I really loved this course, it gave me very important information about the financial markets in the US and it is super well explained. 
This course is so useful to know about finance in depth it gives more examples about the finance. Learned a lot about financial market. 
Thanks for professor Robert Shiller and TA. As an IxD student, I learned many things that relative to the design field from the course.
Amazing course!Worth your while. Prof. Shiller is extraordinary with explaining difficult concepts using simple and practical examples.
It was an amazing experience and I am glad that I did this course. in depth learning from a very experienced teacher made it worthwhile
The professor who had thought has in this course had a very vast knowledge about this path and he was very much experienced in it also.
Easy to learn, lots of resoures and references. It's a good course to know the basic and strengthen the knowledge of Financial Markets!
An excellent course with the main concepts related to the financial market. The course does alnaogies that make learning very didactic.
Great course, it really helped me to review and learn some topics. Recommended to anyone that likes to understand how the world works.  
actually i applied this course on free of cost. but now they show to me pay fee for receiving certificate. kindly consider my request. 
Prof Shiller's lecture was very useful and very educational and even a novice can easily understand the financial markets very easily.
Professor Schiller is so intelligent and a great professor! I enjoyed this course regardless of not being physically in the classroom.
Excellent overview of financial markets. Gives a well thought out run through of the important aspects of our global financial system. 
I am very happy to have access to this course, I really learned a lot, today I have a different understanding of finances.  Thank you
Excellent course Professor Shiller. I envy those that get to sit in front of you and listen to you. Really great words of Wisdom Sir.
very informative and well organized course. I'll be re-reviewing some of the videos and definitions as I improve my financial future.
Incredible course where you can learn a lot from an introduction to financial markets. Professor Shiller is an outstanding professor.
The course is excellent, content, didactic and topis covered very interesting! The teacher is sensatoan, knows a lot about the subjet
Real pleasure, I am enjoying every moment of this course.Extremely well prepared and organize, The best Coursera course I did so far.
I am surprised by the capacity for synthesis and pedagogy used by the teacher, I honestly feel very happy to have taken this course.
It was the first time I take an online course, It was a great experience learned a lot and practiced my professional english skills.
Great course, with a quantity and depth of content that drives me to keep looking for more information and keep learning. Thank you.
"It really an example how could democratize finance to people all over the world.
By sure I will indicate this course for my Friends."
Prof Robert Shiller is truly amazing. This is a fantastic course that teaches you a lot about the world of finance and our society.
It was a very useful course and I learnt how financial markets works in the society and learnt about many more topics in the course
The course content is well structured.  It's very helpful for beginners. The basics are very well covered with practical scenarios. 
Excellent course! Need some update regarding current affairs. Examples are only based on US Market. Should work on global examples.
Stimulating course, engaging professor who knows what his stuff. I was able to learn more about the financial markets through this.
Professor Robert lectures financial markets (complex in nature) in such an enjoyable manner that you forget it's actually a course!
I thought Financial Markets course of Coursera was better designed. That one was full lectures while this one was segments of them. 
This course was very helpful to improve  my knowledge on finance  and market behaviour. I am really greatful to professor Shiller.    
An awesome course with an awesome Professor!Easy and fun way to understand a lot of the concepts and elements of financial markets
Best Course, Great Explanation in simple words. This course had made me think of switching from computer science to finance sector
Finance is not all about making money, it is how you help to elevate the standard of living of people or the community around you.
Some additional Written material to read through would be helpful since grasping everything through videos can sometimes be tough.
Excellent training for who wants to have a brief introduction on how financial market works and history of the market development.
I would recommend it for everyone that wants to further their financial knowledge and actively participate in the financial world.
I have really learnt some basic skills that will enhance success in my further academic and career life.  It's a fantastic course! 
Loved this course, very clear overview on the entire financial industry. Professor is engaging and the class is not too difficult.
Best course but the last lecture video was too long you can divide the lecture so there is break in between.. thanks it was great 
A very great Teacher, who transmits you knowledge with all possible simplicity to allow you to achieve your aims. Thanks for all.
Great Course, really learned a lot, esp regarding all the economic and pyschological rationales behind all those financial tools.
Great course, I will refer it to my colleagues. I learned not only about the technicality of finance but social aspect of it too. 
I learned a lot with this course. Professor Shiller is amazing! I recommend it to everyone who wants to know a lot about finance!
Gave me a great overall understanding of how our economy functions through finance and how all the different gears turn together.
The course was really good for me to know the financial things in good manner.so useful course it is ,it increases my knowledge.
Excellent understanding in the everyday and general knowledge in Financial Markets and how it is applied to benefit the society.  
It was a very interesting course. I would like to recommend it to people who want to have a frist approach to Financial Markets.
A very interesting course that has provided with a lot of information. Professor Robert Schillers teaching with real life exampl
An amazing course which must be made mandatory for all college students to raise the financial awareness levels in the society. 
Got to learn a lot on how markets function financially and several theories and financial instruments that exists in an economy
The yale course has a very good design, the videos explain well, and the exams force you to pay attention to your understanding
Dr Shiller is one of the best teachers ever. Easy to understand concepts that are complex. Looking forward to keep on learning!
Kept me intrigued in the whole series of lectures, with amazing examples from histoy, made it an awesome course to learn from.
Good course, but also requires a lot of effort from the student to explore various sources like Khan Academy, Investopedia etc
Awesome, It's a must take if you have interest in financial markets. I will miss Professor Robert Schindler after this course.
This is an excellent course with so many stuffs packed into a 7-week adventure.  Every engaging Salon and Chalk talk sessions.
I like the class and its social motivate. The teaching method is versatile and attractive. Overall, this is a wonderful class. 
Excellent Course, the professor Shiller is one of the best to transmit knowledge and the passion for finance and economics!!! 
Vastly informative course . Helped to clear my concept about Financial instruments ,forecasting and understanding this market  
I am major in finance,and I think this course is great for somebody who want to have a whole picture about financial markets.
This course is very well designed and give you a clear insight of financial markets. Professor Shiller is an amazing teacher.
Great course, equips you with the necessary skills and knowledge required to continue your interest in this Financial sector.
Excellent course to learn a high-level view of financial markets. Moreover, the teacher engages the audience and make it fun.
Excellent Professor, very clear and practical examples. Great mastery of the subjects, it was a pleasure to see his classes.
I got a wonderful information and guidance from this course. Professor has very clearly and amazingly the financial markets.
Professor Shiller is a bible and I couldn't be happier and more grateful with the opportunity of learning directly from him.
Robert Shiller's teaching is great. Especially I enjoyed the Salon talks and student Q&A session. It was a very good course.
Great first step towards learning about financial markets. Historical accounts shared by the professor were very insightful. 
Very clear lessons , a good professor who teach basic financial concepts clearly and creatying a good empathy with students,
Gives a comprehensive but clear overview of financial markets, and contextualizes finance in terms of social responsibility. 
"This course was very comprehensive and there was a lot of good explanations and examples of financial markets on the course.	"
Outstanding course by YALE and totally loved how Prof. Shillers used to interact with students and his methods of studying.
Absolutely amazing experience!The course is well spanned and Dr. Shiller's way of teaching really makes it more interesting  
My first experience on Coursera and I am totally satisfied with it! the course is well structured and entertaining, superb!
Excellent course!  Great overview of the financial markets including interesting views and insights from Professor Shiller.
This is an awesome course which helped me gain a lot of knowledge.I thank my professor for delivering everything so nicely. 
This course has exceeded my expectations, I can say that I have learned a lot about finances, I would totally recommend it
Very informative and insightful course. While examples might be outdated for the 2020 context. Overall lessons were great.
The theories and principles presented in this course are very timely and applicable as they were based on real situations. 
It is a great course, very enjoyable and interesting. A good course to start understanding the world of financial markets.
Fantastic, I really enjoyed it. It would be very enriching if you add an update now the we are in the worst crisis ever...
very good course! Amazing professor, everything explained. I can recommend it to anyone interested in the Financial Market
very good course. I loved studying about finance from such a well learned professor and it was a very enriching experience
Great course, highly recommend it! Professor Shiller was engaging and gave multiple examples throughout each topic/lesson. 
simple and deep knowledge from a top tier professor. this course needs to be studied at high schools all around the world
Thank you so much, this course was amazing, loved it! Had a great experience to learn new things about financial markets. 
Great for those who want to have a high level knowledge of the US Financial markets system from a knowledgable professor.
I thank Coursera and Yale University for providing me with a deeper insight into the wonderful subject Financial Markets.
an excellent course. Prof. Shiller explained all concepts clearly and with excellence. it was a great learning experience
A fantastic course. Professor Shiller is engaging and the lectures and other materials are easy to understand and follow.
An excellent course that exposes you to the basics of financial markets. The recommended reading list is also excellent. 
The cousrse was very benifitable and I had gain good knowledge. The explanation of the course is very understandardable.
The charisma and knowledge of the professor Robert Shiller really helps the student, making the course really enjoyable.
Very interesting  and informative course with relevant examples and most importantly perfectly delivered by Prof.Shiller
The course is very well structured and Prof. Shiller makes it very easy to follow and understand. I highly recommend it! 
an excellent introduction to finance with a lot of aspect concerning the economic life. It makes you want to go further.
Students of Developing as well as Developed world should archive these lectures- It is the Bible for Market Study course
Excellent foundation in key topics within finance, both in financial theory and real-world applications of the content.
Great course to get into the basic concepts of financial markets. Professor Schiller is the best asset in this course!!
In simple words, you are getting an exceptional tutor to teach you a complicated subject with the simplest deliverance.
Definitely a wonderful course covering major financial aspects. I got a good knowledge in Finance by doing this course.
A very interesting approach for those who are not experts in financial markets. I enjoyed the course very much. Thanks! 
Very interesting and covers multiple topics. However, some of the materials are too theoretical and difficult to apply.
Excellent overview of financial mkts, especial for ones that are in the world of finance without being a native finance
"this course made me very happy and helped me advance my experience. thanks for adding new information to my information
"
thank you for this great opportunity and i wish that someday i could be part of Yale University family and study there 
A very useful and productive course covering all the basic and fundamental information you need to know about finance.
This is a very interesting course, which gives me a fantastic introduction of the complex world of financial analysis. 
Excellent course to understand the different aspects of the Financial Markets.Big thanks to professor Robert Schiller.
The thorough knowledge gained in the world of finance by attending this course by a great and knowledgable professor.
"Thank you for the
opportunity to see, hear and learn from an extraordinary person the
professor Robert James Shiller. "
To learn from a nobel price winner is a unique opportunity to grow your knowledge on the markets. Outstanding course.
Excellent beginning in finances! Start with the basics and most fundamental principles and theories. Thank you, Yale!
Very helpful introduction going through some key terms in financial worlds. The presentation was very well organized. 
Taught every bit with a pure dedication and in a very nice smiling way by sir Robert Shiller. A lot of thanks to him! 
I really liked this course as it is taught by someone who is authority in the subject matter and he teaches it well.
It was a fun learning experience, Learned a lot about financial markets. Got exposed to exciting views of Professor. 
This is a great course and i highly recommend it to anyone that is interested to learn more about financial markets.
Really fantastic course.  Highly recommended for everyone to get a broad understanding of financial .... everything. 
One of the best professor is Sir Robert J. Shiller. This course gives an overall holistic view of Finance & Economy.
Amazing course by Nobel Prize Dr. Robert Shiller, with clear lectures about the complexity of the Financial Markets.
I am glad that I completed this course it provides me a lot of financial updates which helps me in my career. Thanks
Very informative course equipped me with very essential basic knowledge of working of Financial Markets Thanks a lot 
Super amazing ..... I love the course and the lecturer . I learnt a whole lot. Thank you Yale , thank you Coursera .
Very Easily Explained and Wonderful Coverage of Topics !!! Excellent Course for anyone who is interested in Finance. 
Great Professor with an excellent selection of content to sort of introduce you to financial markets and their scope
A great course about financial markets. Professor Schiller is a really good communicator and excellent in his field. 
Fully recommended for people who want to gain a basic knowledge of finance, focusing especially on American aspects.
gaining a lot of financial market knowledge and change the way i used to think about people in the financial market
Amazing course, it exposes you to many aspects of the financial system and provides excellent explanations as well!
With the help of this course I'm able to understand the basics of finance and have a better control on the subject.
Exceptional for beginners. Gives you a broad vision on how the financial markets work. Great teacher and materials.
A very complete course that provides you with a clear understanding of financial markets and their essential parts! 
This great course for finance world. It provide basic thinking for how to use finance my life and welfare of whole. 
Gives you very strong base in financial markets, but my biggest takeaway was the importance of behavioral finance.
It is a useful course that brings me lots of  ideas and new perspectives.If I have free time maybe I will relearn.
Awesome course! Anyone should think about taking part because it is full of wisdom outside of the financial world.
the course was super interesting, with a lot of knowledge . i enjoyed a lot and hope to have one more course soon.  
Its was a wonderful experience learning from an actual Nobel Laureate.I would love to meet the Professor some day.
"This is an excellent course!
A great choice for those who want to learn about the North American Financial Market."
The course has been very useful in helping a better understanding of the financial markets and how to manage risk 
Amazing course with Pr Schiller in which I've learned many very useful things to better understand today's world!
This course has been incredibly enlightening and a blessing to me indeed. Thank you to all that made it possible.
Great course, with an amazing Professor. It gives you a great insight to Financial Markets and how they operate.
Un curso espectacular, muchas explicaciones con ejemplos, sencillo y practico. El profesor Shiller es Excelente.
Outstanding Course, A must do course, delighted to complete the course with honours. Thanks a lot Prof. Shiller.
Excellent and to the point course by Prof. Robert Schiller on Financial Markets. Must do for Financial Analysts.
Awesome course if you want to understand the basics of financial markets. Professor Shiller is a great explainer 
It's been a comprehensive course that gives you solid basis to understand how financial institutions really work
The best course I have ever seen ....Excellent faculty Thanks to Coursera ....For giving a wonderful opportunity
I have learned a lot and I am more yearning for Yale University. I hope that one day I can go to further study.
Amazing course and an amazing teacher. It is a great opportunity to learn the basics facts of Financial Markets
one of the best course in financial market and it helped me in understanding finanacial market better thank you
It was great , after it gave me immense pleasure while acquiring the knowledge regarding the financial markets.
Subject for finance was never new for me , but I could get a neww perspective particularly about managing Risk.
Great introduction to the huge finance world. Professor Shiller does a great job teaching his students as well.
Fantastic course, Professor Shiller's touch on the importance of financial innovation is especially impressive.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. Professor Shiller is erudite, articulate and passionate about what he teaches. 
Professor is really good and knowledgeable. Overall enjoyed how real-life based and practical this course was!
By far the best MOOC I have attended. Passionate professor and really interesting and well-explained content !
Well designed, with good IT support material makes it easy to understand the concepts presented in the course.
This course is wonderfully designed for the beginners who are looking for career or having interest in Finance
I don't usually have the opportunity to take a class from a world class professor.  It was a great experience.
Thank you professor shiller and team, Yale University for such course. Very useful for finance domain student.
I know it sound dramatic, but I really feel honored to have had to opportunity to watch prof Shiller lectures. 
I loved this course. It increased my finance knowledge and helped me to understand how the finance world works
Absolutely amazing. Very clear contents, course material is excellent and kept me stressed for some weeks :-)
i loved the content and appreciate your efforts i suggest method for student to organise and retain it better
I feel like I learned a lot! although I'll need to come back to review it sometime, to reinforce my knowledge
Very interesting course with a reputable professor. This was my first course on Coursera and i was impressed.
Very good beginner-level course. Love it. Although some improvement can be made in regards to practical part. 
Amazing course great additional resource recommendations. Professor Schiller is perhaps the best on his field
learned a lot of interesting things about the Financial Market world. Will put it to good use in the future.
it was very interesting and encouraging. Easy to understand. Motivating. Professor Shiller is very didactic.
financial course by robert schiller was really nice . the way he teches with examples and contents are good. 
Robert Shiller is great. It was my pleasure to learn from him, thanks to Yale University and Coursera for it
 You get a general knowledge regarding financial markets, like stocks, futures, options and other derivative. 
This course is very usefull for all and easy to learn by everyone.. and it is well performed for us thankyou
it is a very good course. and it helps me learn lot of thinks about financial market and i get lot of thinks
Amazing! This is a complete course about finance and how the market works. Congratulations Yale and Shiller.
He is an expert in this theme, he explains perfectly. Please tell me if you are giving another course.Thanks
Absolutely AMAZING! Learning from a Nobel Laureate gives unique insights into the most complicated concepts. 
It was a great course to understand bank related terms for the people who are not from commerce background. 
I'm learning lot of knowledge through the financial markets                                Thank you .....!
Excellent Course!!! I liked the content, the way Professor Schiller explains and all the practical examples
 This is an excellent course, which is useful to get more knowledge. Thanks to Yale University and Coursera.
A basic but very interesting course. Prof. Shiller see the finance in a unique and illuminated perspective. 
This course provide is must for everyone that is starting to learn about Finance and the Financial Markets.
Perfect Course which gives an insight as well as a detailed knowledge of how the financial market functions
Best finance course ever - wish I had been taught like this in college! The prof is knowledgable and funny!
Complete insight about finance.Thank you very much professor and special thanks to Arun Gupta for the help.
Very good course, insightful teacher. Terrible peer-review grading system for the essay (Coursera's fault).
Dear , Professor thanks you to make me an opportunity to join with you. I wish to work with you in future.  
Very good course with great instruction! Very useful way to spend my quarantine and I really learnt a lot!
Very engaging and quality introduction course. Amazing references, relevant discussions on current topics.
Great course! a whole review around basic concepts in financial markets and how it works in the real world
A complete overview of the financial world, and true life lesson. Thanks prof. Shiller, Yale and Coursera.
Excellent course. Gave a great understanding of how financial markets work and the interments within them. 
This course has opened the world of finance to me and given me a good understanding of what it encompasses
i have been learned so much about the financial market. The professor is very good teacher thanks so much!
An excellent course taught by an excellent professor from an excellent university. I highly recommend it!
An insightful and very informative course for anyone interested in financial markets. Well worth my time!
Brilliant teaching by professor Robert Shiller, amazing well taught with all kinds of different examples. 
Professor Robert Shiller is a wonderful teacher. I enjoyed his lessons very much. Thank you Prof. Shiller
This course is excellent and marvelous to study from home and a lot of things can able to learn from home
Arguably the best course out there for anyone thinking about getting a perspective on finance as a whole.
Good course for beginners, you can learn the basic language and concepts and events of the finance world.
Excellent course! I highly recommend it to everyone, not only the students of finance and related fields. 
A HIGHLY KNOWLEDGABLE COURSE WITH OPPORTUNITY TO LEARN AND TEST IDEAS UNDER GUIDANCE OF PROFESSOR SHILLER
Im very happy and lucky that I can take such course, thank you Yale Professor Robert Shiller and Coursera 
Fantastic lectures that help greatly improve your understanding of the functioning of financial markets.
Excelente curso, entrega la base para entender los mercados financieros y los instrumento dentro de este
I highly recommend this course and have told my professional and personal connections about it, already!
Would like to have some recommendations from online sources to view articles about the world of banking.
Great explanations and examples of concepts and the market. Really enjoyed what I learnt in this course.
Great course, the lectures given by Prof. Shiller were scintillating and enlightening, to say the least.
a wonderful course, the knowledge conveyed by the teacher, the topics covered, the quality of the exams.
Excelente curso, combina la profundidad con el hecho de ser un curso general sobre mercados financieros.
Amazing course thank you Dr Shiller I learned so much and it was just wonderfully presented!! A real gem
Brilliant course! Enjoyed every minute of it! Professor Shiller is a great teacher! Thank you very much! 
Being a complete newcomer, i would very highly recommend this course to anyone curious about this field.
Extremely Helpful Course,Perhaps the best course I have taken up in Coursera!Shiller Sir I am your Fan!
Really good course. I took a lot of time , but advice you to complete it as early as possible. Cheers!!
Great Intro to Financial Basic, especially focusing on financial aspect that is relevant to the public.
Prof Shiller is engaging and focuses on the application of the financial knowledge. Top recommendation.
Comprehensive introduction to financial markets which will give you a good grounding for going forward.
I found this course useful and amazingly easy to understand even in my first week, and I learned a lot! 
Great Professor and very elaborated material. One the highest quality courses I took through Coursera. 
Amazing amazing! I felt like I was in real classroom. Cool Professor & well structured course this is.      
This is an amazing opportunity to get the foundation of financial literacy from the leading University
Thanks to the profesor Shiller for this complete introduction to the financial market I appreciate it!
An excellent course to start to comprehend the world and how it works. Everyone should go through it. 
Great Course for getting into the basics of finance with an inspiring Professor as Doctor Shiller is, 
I come from an engineering background but this makes me wanna really change my career towards finance
Absolutely loved the course and the content. It was useful and very well articulated by Prof Shiller. 
very effective course also professor Robert shiller explained everything very neatly. thank u courser 
It was my first course , and I must say it exceeded my expectations. It was a great learning journey.
Very intereseting course with a highly valued professor who can impart knowledge in an enjoyable way!
Its a wonderful course, with a lot to learn from. It was a great experience being a part of the same. 
The teacher focus o human behavior ad other things that makes the course complete and good to watch.
An amazing course designed by Professor Schiller, very knowledgeable & valuable in today's times  :)
This has been a wonderful experience. I wanted to listen to his lectures. It was really interesting.
This is a great class Robert Shiller has a very clear way to explain every topic through the course!
A great teacher with so much knowledge to learn from, will be reading all of his books to get more!!
the course is very good but it seems mechanical .it can be made natural by conducting salons with us
Professor Shiller provided an honest, nuanced view into the world of finance, 10/10 would recommend.
Excelente curso, muy amplio en cuanto el aprendizaje de todo el mercado financiero. Muy recomendable
I would recommend Coursera to any individual that is willing to learn and take their careers further
Professor Rober Shiller is a very good teacher and his life experiences make the course even better.
I am loving it so far!! Great learnings, I can't explain on this review...you just have to take it!!
Awesome Course if you want to learn about a mixture of finance, bonds, discount bonds, and history.
Really great course. The instructor was very engaging and the content of the course was well picked
Fantastic to have the opportunity to learn from one of the great economic minds of this generation.
Lots of interesting information and analysis. Would recommend as a starter to all areas of finance.
Very credible resources and great module lessons. Speakers are well adept in their knowledge field.
I found this to provide an enjoyable learning experience regarding information everyone should know
It was a great course. It really helped me get a overall and general view of the financial markets.
opening up my understanding for financial market as i am an new profession in the finance industry.
The course was very informative & learned new things which i haven't known about financial markets.
Very good introduction to the topic, and Dr Schillers anecdotes keeps me glued to all the lectures.
Very engaging and informative course under the guidance of renowned economist Prof.Shiller himself.
I was very impressed with the course and the Coursera platform. Will certainly recommend to others. 
Great presentation by professor Shiller. A refreshing and insightful approach to financial markets.
The course offers deep insight into the finacial markets analysis. I will recommend it to my peers.
A must do course for understanding the basics of finance.Professor explains every topic very well.
It is a Good Course which gives us the Vast Knowledge on Funds, Finances and the Financial Markets
I loved every minute of this course and it has inspired me to switch my major from law to business
Best online course I've ever had. Professor is so engaging, materials and teaching method is great
I have gained tremendous amount of knowledge about the aspect of finance that I didn't know exist.
one of the  most informative courses i have taken in my life.The professor is an excellent teacher 
Professor Shiller is amazing, if you're interested in finance and economics you'll love his class.
God bless  all keep  rehersing  on any information  provided and looking  for the emerging  issues
Very interesting course, thanks to Robert Shiller, Good start before online trading and investment
Dr. Schiller is an absolute Gem. He explains the complex concepts with so much ease and patience. 
it was a great learning experience was my first course over here . i loved it doing it over here.
Great course by Yale and Professor Shiller, it's an essencial course for financial professionals.
ITs's an excellent overview course by Prof Shiller with nice integration with behavioural finance 
Thanks to Robert Shiller for offering us this amazing course. This course has been very fruitful.
I have learnt many different thing which are going on in our economy . this is the grate course .
I love Professor Shiller!  And it's a brand new one updated for changes in the Financial Markets!
Fantastic course! Professor Shiller and his team have done it again. Excellent product from Yale.
I gain lot of knowledge from financial markets. May it will be  definitely helpful in my future.
It's great opportinity to learn common information about the Financial Markets with this course. 
It is a good Platform to learn about Finance,Financial Planning,Economics,Behavioral Finance etc
This course is so useful to know about finance in depth it gives more examples about the finance
This course is so useful to know about finance in depth it gives more examples about the finance 
Great! Robert Shiller knows how to make people look the the financial market with more humanity! 
Mr Robert Shiller was an excellent teacher and this course is perfect for economics enthusiasts. 
Sensacional curso, se abarcan muchos temas que son explicados con brevedad aunque correctamente.
Well structured course. Really brushed up my concepts in corporate finance. Worth the investment 
Its very helpful and gets to know information on financial markets  which helps in future career
complicated someting for someone with no finance knowledge, but it was great and great professor
Very well explained concepts of the financial world. Thoroughly enjoyed learning in this course. 
Quite a fantastic course that provides an in-depth understanding of finance. A must for everyone
Excellent and engaging course, Robert Shiller does an outstanding job on delivering the content.
Id like to recomend this course for stundents whose want to improve their knowledge in finance.
Only through to the week 2 and feel so much more education on the topic than before starting it. 
Es una gran oportunidad para cualquier estudiante, el poder aprender de una mente tan brillante.
A lot of thanks to Professor Robert Shiller  and the whole of the Yale's Financial Markets Team. 
Very interesting course, it was so useful to me. Special thanks to the Professor Robert Shiller 
This coure is most help full one.Iam enjoy this coure. This coure is important of digital world 
This is an introductory level course. Came to know about a lot of history of financial markets. 
I learnt a lot, amazing course, would highly recommend unless your financial knowledge is rich.
Excellent course. Professor Schiller was very clear and made all the topics really interesting. 
Great Course. Good mix between theory, history and examples from the current economy situation. 
Great course to begin with, engaging lecturer  kept it interesting throughout the entire course   
Robert Schiller has always been a role model for me and this course was absolutely magnificent.
Very good and the course structure was perfect and lecture style of professor is very engaging.
it was great experience with you sir i gain a lot  knowledge from you sir .thank you so much .
Great course by Dr Robert Shiller, learnt a lot about the Stock market and Real estate market! 
This course changed my life. Finance has an entirely new meaning to me. Thank you Dr. Shiller. 
Excellent course for finance aspirants. Brilliant work by Dr. Robert Shiller and Coursera team
Excellent course! Would highly recommend for anyone with an interest in finance and economics. 
Great course, very interesting and gives a great, broad, basic knowledge of financial markets!
This is a very good course. It helps you understand the basics of Financial Markets very well. 
Excellent way of teaching tough concepts through real world examples in a storytelling manner.
Loved this course! Professor Shiller is superb. I've learned so much within 7 weeks. Thanks!!!
Very informational and great for anyone interested in financial markets! Really recommend it!
Simply amazing!!! Totally worth the time invested! Prof Shiller is incredible and really fun!
Excelente curso, lo recomiendo para aquellos que quieran iniciar en el mundo de las finanzas.
Excellent course, not only for the business students but for the students of all disciplines. 
Great course. Lot of knowledge on finance and its applications. Big fan of professor Schiller
this was best course for any one specially for the one who wants to work in financial market.
Best course for finance student they know very well how to exactly finance use in real world.  
Great course with high quality videos, and most importantly Professor Shiller is outstanding.
It was just the awesome journey with Yale University. Thanks for such a opportunity provided
An  interesting and well delivered course for anyone who is interested in Financial Markets!
Excellent content and a deep overview of financial markets has been covered in this course !
A very complete course that helps to understand in a detailed way how financial markets work
Amazing Course! This is a course I will keep for a lifetime. Professor Schiller is a profit!
One of the best courses on Coursera for the gneral crowd, Thank you so much to Prof. Shiller 
Prof Robert Shiller is a well-read teacher and is highly passionate in the field of finance. 
Great course, honestly. I highly recommend to someone who wants a broad overview of finance.
Very advanced field and very comprehensible explanation! Vivid examples and friendly tests~~
A very informative course. Thank you to everyone who was involved in putting up this course.
Great teacher I like it so much , he has a deep understanding of complex concept in finance.  
an incredibly motivating course with a real professional! thanks a lot for that opportunity!
The professor is very experienced in the field and provide many insights that are valuable.
Best MOOC.. i had so far..thank you coursera for bringing professor shiller on the platform
Robert Shiller is an incredible teacher, I learned a lot in this course. Thank you so much! 
Splendid. Highest level and quality of education worldwide. An honor to have taken part in.
That was an amazing journey with professor Robert J. Shiller..I want more course to enroll. 
Great course! a must for everyone wanting a fundamental understanding of financial markets.
The Prof was perfect and explained the intuition behind every topic very well. Well done!!!
Great course to get a full overview of financial markets, very engaging and at a good pace.
Love how professor Shiller explained financial market in an engaging and understandable way
Great professor. Makes you think somewhat different about how finance can help our society. 
Thanks a lot for the general but profound understanding of the financial market principles.
  I would like to take more courses from Mr. Robert Shiller, he taught things very smoothly.  
It was nice enlightening experience listening to Prof. Shiller.  Learned so much from him.
Great course!!!Incredible professor with a lot of expertise. overall, worth it experience.
It is a useful course for the starters..! Whoever interested in knowing about the finance!
The resources and materials are relevant, easy to understand and can be applied real life.
It is not an easy Course you have to study and show effort if you want to learn something.
I learn a lot of aspect in finance, thank you Dr. Schiller. I am proud to be your student.
exceptionally well made.every minute of it is full of knowledge.it was a great experience!
This course has given me a financial view of the world, I thank Professor Shiller for that
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. The explanation of the concepts was precise and accurate.
Learnt quite a bit, Professor Shiler is the best person to guide so much in such less time
Amazing course. Addresses many topics of finance. Very complete. Engaging and educational! 
Excellent! Prof. Shiller is awsome. He makes easy the most complicate theory. Thank you!!!
Truly enjoyed my first online course ! Now I have better understanding of what is finance?
Superb corse taught by one of the top economist. Great introduction to financial markets!
The lots of concepts of the finance is explained very nicely and with example. Thank you.
Excellent Finance course. It gives me a deeper understanding of the insight into finance.
The way the course is designed is just awesome.Though not suitable for advanced learners.
Very well drafted course and gives a lot of topic to research on and understand in-depth.
Very much enjoyed professor Shiller's knowledge, intelligence and compassionate delivery!
I surely got a more profound knowledge about financial markets than what I had weeks ago!
Excellent overview of the financial markets and how finance can be used for social good.
Good professor, good courses, worth it to complet and thank you for the financial help !
I really learnt a lot from this course and i also look forward in learning other courses
Good  and the course was thorough through out the session. Gain a good set of knowledge.
One of the best teacher out there. Thank you Robert Shiller for this amazing experience.
A very useful course for beginners. Imparts valuable background knowledge about finance.
An enlightening Course specially when you learn from such an affluent renounce academic. 
Great course, with wonderful insights into how human behavior effects financial markets. 
Thank you so much sir for providing me this wonderful information about financial market
Very good course gives you an insight into financial markets with the aid of dr.shiller.
Wonderful learning experience.Thank you professor Shiller  and thank you Yale University
Excellent course and fulfilled all my needs. Robert J Shiller is a a brilliant lecturer.
Super excellent course .it is very useful to all I have learned many think about finance
I wanna appreciate professor Shiller for his amazing course and his amazing personality.
One of the best courses in Finance. A must for everyone interested in Financial markets.
I would recommend it to everyone, nice course, good introduction into financial markets.
A very informative course.......builds up a base of finance..... much reccomended course
Robert J. Shiller is a captivating speaker, and I am happy to have finished this course.
One of the most instrumental learning experiences of my life. Wow...what a great course. 
great course, thanks prof and team for your dedication.may God almighty bless you more.
Great course, Robert is a great teacher and it's really easy to engage with his classes
What a journey! Makes me wish I were a full time student of finance and its markets 
Thank you Dr.Robert Shiller for creating a big impact in me over the Financial markets.
It was a great experience with this course. It really helped me learning so many thing.
Thanks to PRof Shiller for such an insightful and detailed course on Financial markets.
This course is amazing. Whatever that Prof. Shiller taught is useful for everyone life!
Very informative, educative and engaging. Thanks for the opportunity to develop myself.
Just great info that should be read by anyone now that it is available to all for free.
The course was very challenging. Learners should have a basic understanding of finance.
very great course , i learnt a lot from this course . i do appreciate all of you here .
A course with an exceptional teacher who give us a huge amount of quality of knowledge.
Excellent teaching method and the Prof. Shiller is amazing at making finance understand 
excellent course, I recommend it to anyone who wants to venture into the business world
Great course..really got to know in depth about various financial concepts and theories 
Life changing course! Had a great time learning and somewhat sad it's done! Thank you!
This course is designed systematically and covers every area of finance in depth level
It is a perfect course. It's not only financial markets, but it is about our our life.
Robert Shiller is one of the greatest of all times. Best Coursera course I have taken. 
The course and the quality of the professor are outstanding. Absolutely recommendable.
Great course for anyone who wants to understand the basic of finance and how it works.
I enjoyed the course especially financial innovations in a case drawn from my country
I learned a lot in this course, the topics and all the content were very interesting.
This course gives you indebt knowledge of Financial Market and Behavioural Economics.  
Very good course ! Your investment strategy might change after finishing the course ! 
Excellent course, to highlight the importance given to the behavioral part of finance
I thoroughly enjoyed the manner in which financial terms were explained with examples
Perfect course.  I enjoyed listening to professor Shiller and learned a lot.  Thanks.
Professor Schiller is simply great and the setting of the course where simply perfect 
Learning from the best in the world, well designed course and good learning outcomes. 
Great Experience Ever.  Dr. Shiller happy face makes to learn more about the subject.
Professor Robert Shiller is a not only a great academician but also a great educator.
Professor Shiller was a wonder, it really opened up my eyes to the world of finance!
This course was really amazing. Will be keen to attend more of Mr. Shiller's lecture
Highly recommended for anyone interested in finance mainly and in business generally 
A superb course driving by engaging, thought provoking content by Professor Shiller. 
Thanks Coursera for giving me immense power in a global way. This course is for all.
Dr. Shiller is absolutely the best professor I have had the privilege to learn from. 
UN CURSO EXCELENTE, ROBERT SHILLER UN PROFESOR QUE SE DESTACA POR SUS CONOCIMIENTOS.
Outstanding course, I'd certainly recommend to anyone working in finance or studying
Excellent training, with plenty of material. Professor Shiller is excellent. Thanks.
The professor is a real expert of the subject and he has a wonderful teaching style. 
The vedio lessons were very lucidly covered by Prof. Robert Shiller !! Thank You !!!
I really liked this course. I learned new things and cleared some that I half knew. 
Muy completo, facil de entender y me encanta el hecho de poder ir a mi propio ritmo
the Roberth Shiller is very excellent teacher. I could learn a lot with your course
Great intro to finance as a general tool for society and how it improves our world.
Exceptional quality Professor. Quality teaching. Highly recommend to finance lover. 
Excellent master class, very good explanations and examples given by the professor.
It has clarified some of my unclear concepts, and have assist me further to my work
Excellent course by professor Dr. Shiller, really informative and well constructed.
I really enjoyed this course. course was designed very well and cleared my concepts
Brilliantly explained and philanthropy plays a major role in the analysis ! Perfect
Excellent course!I hope to see a more advanced course from professor Shiller soon!!
Thank You Very Much For This Wonderful And Skillful Knowledgeable Course Content .  
It is a good chance for me to learn something about finance markets, thanks a lot.
I absolutely loved the course, especially because of professor Shiller's teaching!
A bit dry at times, but does awesome job covering fundamental concepts of finance. 
An excellent example of an online course. Thank you, Yale University and Coursera.
Well packaged program with very relevant real live events to support the training.
Super insightful and loved Professor Schiller's lecturing! Great all-round module.
I have updated my knowledge based on Financial markets course. Thanks to Coursera.
Great basics and introduction into Finance, I will miss Prof. Shriller's lectures!
The course was great, enjoyed the learnings....Thanks for this courseGreat job..
Great course. I loved learning about the financial markets with Professor Shiller.
Thank you so much for sharing  knowledge, insights and wisdom that are priceless!
Dr. Shiller is an amazing professor. I loved all of his lectures and salon talks.  
Thanks Prof Shiller for contribution in increasing financial literacy of everyone
Privileged to attend the classes from the Nobel prize winner Mr.Robert J Shiller.
Wonderful lecture. The course that any professionals in capital market must take.
Excellent course with splended material! Robert Shiller is an excellent lecturer!
My sincere gratitude to Professor Shiller for this course. I really did enjoy it.
Excellent overall introduction to Finance and the role it will play in the future
This course is most important for me . I have learnt here many thinks. Thank you
Great course, it covers several topics and makes the student want to learn more!
Great Course, and a great Lecturer.I am really enjoying it , and learning a lot. 
This was an amazing experience. You're doing a really good thing here. Thankyou.
Really good course. You can get an overall grasp of finance through this course.
Great learning experience. It helps you better understand the world of business. 
The course was easy to understand and it teaches the depth of financial market .
It will help you in understanding all the basics of finance markets and policies
excellent course for beginner / or even if you think you know. because you don't
Professor Schiller is an exceptional academic and his teachings are first class.
Best course to understand the financial market in depth with quality explanation
Fantastic blend of information delivered in a brilliant manner by Prof. Shiller.  
One of the best course to get a thorough insight into Financial Markets. Cheers!
So many interesting details. Connects many dots in my understanding of finances!
This course is very interesting and I loved the way Prof Robert Shiller teaches
Wow that's brilliant coarse for me, journey with this course was very beautiful
Really enjoyed the course, although some parts were a bit challenging at times. 
Glad to accomplish this course and to learn from one of nowadays Economic Gurus
great course for having a good idea of financial markets and finance in general
I know new knowledge from financial markets subject thanks for this opportunity
This course has really been helpful for understanding the basics of the market.
I highly recommend this course for beginners seeking basic knowledge to finance 
Im very happy to learn this course . Now I get clear view of financial  market. 
Thank you for making such valuable knowledge available to the world, thank you.
The course has full information  on the theories of financial markets till now.
Amazing quality of lecture and additional notes. Really helpful and beneficial.
Very valuable! Where else can you attend a Yale course by a Nobel price winner? 
It's very useful to know about current past economical crisis it's very useful
It's excelent for knowing and understanding about the market that surround us.
it was an amazing course I now fully understand the basics of financial theory 
Excellent course. It's a perfect way to start building your career in finance.
A total eye-opener in every aspect. It gives a new perspective to any problem.
It was an informative and well structred course. Thanks for this course, Yale.
very knowledgeable course, thank you coursera for giving me this opportunity .
A very impressive course. Its about the attitude and view of a financial world
Amazing course! Highly recommend it to anyone interested in financial markets.
excellent course, i have learned many financial market terminology and concept 
An excellently taught course with relevant examples which made it fun to study
Sir Robert Shiller explains everything in a simple way and keep it interesting
A good introductory course taught by one of the best professors in the world .
Very informative and engaging. Many thanks for the team that made this course!
I am very satisfied with Prof. Schiller. So knowledgeable and very intuitive. 
I learnt more useful information from this . It's very helpful to my studies.
Great course. Covered all aspects of what one can think of financial markets. 
A perfect course for a beginner to understand the basic knowledge of finance.
Great Course. Professor Shiller makes all of the concepts easy to understand.
It was my pleasure to learn from prof dr Robert Shiller. Huge reccomendation! 
This course was very useful which helped me to gain more knowledge on Finance
it was a wonderful experience I have learned many new concepts about finance,
This is such a good course which improves u in the field of financial markets 
Very helpful when coming to understand the fundamentals of financial markets. 
Nice little adventure into the world of finance and the mechanisms behind it
The course is well designed and is a great introduction to financial markets 
By far it is the best course of finance. Robert Shiller is a great academic.
Learn a lot of stuff from the always insightful and witty Professor Shiller. 
Learnt a lot from this course, definitely enrolling myself into more courses
Very good lecture and the professor's examples makes the learning more easy.
One of the best and fulfilling courses I have enrolled in here at Coursera.
This is a great curse! I enjoyed very much all the videos, it`s very clear.
Brilliant course with an excellent professor and great content. 5/5 any day
EXCELENT, I LEARNED TOO MUCH, I AM SO HAPPY AND PROFESSOR SCHIELLER IS GOOD
A wonderful eyes opening experience. Thank you so much for the opportunity!
I feel graced to have been part of your class. Thank you Professor Shiller.
This is interesting course for those who starts to learn Financail Markets. 
Excelente curso. Un abordaje claro para iniciarse en conceptos de finanzas.
Mil gracias he aprendido mucho con este genial curso exitos y bendiciones. 
it was worth doing this course. got many new learnings . great professor .
Loved this course! Learned a lot about financial markets from this course.
Enjoyed it very much. Thank you Mr. Robert Shiller and thank you Coursera. 
amazing experience, Robert Shiller taught me so much. I'm really grateful!
Great course as an introduction to financial markets! Thank you very much!
thanks so much, this is one of the best courses I have ever taken in here.
Incredible overall course on Financial Markets and Investment Strategies.!
An excellent course for those interested to learn about Financial markets.
The course is extremely interesting and Professor Shiller is extraordinary
Chalk talk is really great, and whole class is very informative and useful
I learn a lot about financial markets, especially about the stock market.
For me this course it's goods, explain every topic with perfect examples.
Very highly recommended to have an overall knowledge about finance field.
Highly relevant contents and discussions. Thanks a lot Professor Shiller.
this is the optimum course for anyone who is seeking financial knowledge.
Learn a lot of new things in this course. Enjoyed each and every lecture.
Great course to understand the importance of Finance and learn its basics
Great course to get a broader understanding of various Financial Markets.
Professor Shiller is incredible! Would love to see more courses from him!
Robert Shiller teaches very well. This course exceeded my expectations!!
"
It is a very necessary course. We should all take it. I really loved it.

"
Financial markets taught me how toManage money circulation in the market
Excellent Course that was time-manageable, challenging, and informative. 
Amazing course! Super engaging and learned the amazing value of finance!
Very good course that provides a good understanding of financial markets
Very interesting and useful to enhance the knowledge towards investments
A great course. The professor is very good. Very effective course.Thanks
very good and informative class, Robert Shiller is one hell of a teacher 
It was good & interesting learning financial Market at Yale University.
great chance to learn from the basic theory to the real business market
Great course material, delivery and assessments. Would recommend again.
Excelente curso y muy necesario para conocer el entorno de los mercados
Thanks for the knowledge you provided professor Shiller. It's an honor.
A full course and a must attend for beginners in finance and investing.
Wonderful course. Every financial aspirant must go through this course.
Its very use full to learn about financial solutions. Thank you Course.
Thanks for this online course facility ,,for learning finance marketing
Great coure to introduce and learn more about to the financial markets. 
This course more than met expectations. I highly recommend this course.
EXCELLENT!! An honor to hace Professor Robert Schiller as the Teacher!!
rich of knowledge and examples which can be applied in real situations
AWESOME. THANK YOU DR. SHILLER, YALE AND ESPECIALLY COURSERA FOR THIS.
Un gran curso, con explicaciones que hacen entender de forma sencilla. 
better course financial markets.increase to skills job .better course.
Great overview and explanations of economics and financial principles. 
I learned everything I needed to know and more about financial markets
Wonderful Course with in-depth understanding of the financial markets.
Really good for everyone, not just for people with finance background!
it is useful for  beginners .Would be good if it is in PDF structure !
It was a new experience in learning this course And gain new knowledge
I enjoyed the course. Thank you Cousera and Professor Robert  Shiller.
Excellent course content. Very impressive insights from Prof. Shiller.
am really excited to give this five stars  because of what i have gain   
videos were perfect length and the material was interesting and benefi
It was exceptionally amazing cousre. enjoyed it throughout. Thank you
Wonderful! Excellent Lector, very interesting and useful information!
A great course to learn and apply the real-world Financial Knowledge.
great course that teaches you about finance in a simple and great way
I learn a lot of knowledges about finance and strengthen my knowledge 
very good and its a great opportunity to from professor Robert seller 
This course is well taught and will help anyone understand economics.
It was a fun course, with lots of knowledge. Thank you prof. Shiller
I am very pride of this course which I have studied.Thanks lectures!
Excelente curso! Enorme oportunidade de aprender com Robert Shiller.
Thank you Professor Shiller for sharing your knowledge to the world!
Great course, I learned a great deal about basic financial concepts. 
It was very useful. I was able to gain knowledge about finance more.
Great course, helped me to improve my knowledge in financial markets 
Very cool videos, engaging professor, wonderful structure and topics
A VERY GOOD COURSE AND VERY APPROPRIATE EXPLANATION BY THE PROFESSOR
Simply superb lectures by a distinguished and intelligent professor! 
Professor Shiller is exceptional, i enjoyed every bit of the course.
Amazing course. It felt so good learning from a nobel laureate !!!!!
Fantastic introduction to Financial Markets by World Class Professor
It changes my minds of finance and introduce me into a bigger world.
Well taught and all relevant topics covered in an all-rounded manner
Loved it! Very Informative. Bless this man's efforts. Thanks Robert!
Helped in having a clear idea about the basics of financial market . 
The most inspiring proffessor I have seen. Thank you for everything!
A must course to be included in every domain of college educations!
Its gigantic chance to get such an outstanding knowledgable person.
Dr.Shiller is an amazing professor, wish I could met him in person.
Professor Shiller covered a wealth of material in such a clear way.  
This course is really making a difference, I really want to learn!!
A exceptional course and Mr Shiller made the course worth learning.
incredible, professor Shiller has a incredible capacity to teach!!!
Great course to give a basic general knowledge on financial markets
Great course. I particularly enjoyed the behavior finance approach.
BEST AUTHOR.....REALLY ADMIRE THE WAY THE COURSE HAS BEEN DESIGNED.
Awesome foundation of financial market skills, essential knowledge.
Great induction course for those serious about a career in finance. 
 Prof Shiller explanation made it easy to understand. Great course!
"Wonderful teacher, complete course and more than efficient method!"
It was great. And especially Dr.Shiller was amazingly intelligent.
very detailed course highly recommend it to finance professional !
Extremely informative and has helped pique my interest in finance.
It was such a great experience to listen to Mr Schiller's courses. 
It was such an amazing experience to learn from Professor Shiller.
Quite amazed with Dr. Shiller's ability to transmit what he knows.
highly recommed this course, professor Robert Shiller is the  best
Loved the course content and the practical application of theory.
I really enjoy this course and there are many useful information.
Excellent course that gives a good overview on financial markets.
Pretty good introduction course to economics and finance. Thanks!
I learned a lot from this course. This is an enlightening course.
"Highly recommended. Professor
Shiller is an excellent academic ."
Very comprehensive and delicately touch Finance with Humane touch
It was an honour to learn so much from Professor Shiller and Yale
Thank you so much, it was a great experience! Highly recommended!
Amazing starting point to your knowledge about financial markets.
Excellent Course, very happy of expanding my knowledge in Finance
Amazing experience to understand the basic foundations of finance
gained lot of knowledge,really helpful for those in finance field
Insightful and personal perspectives right from professor Shiller
That was wonderful and productive learning with Professor Robert.
Very useful course to develop your knowledge in financial markets
Awesome course. Thanks for creating such a well informing course.
Excellent course Wish i could attend the higher levels as well .
I really enjoyed this course and learnt a great deal. Thank you. 
It was very helpful to clear basic doubts about financial terms. 
very good course for understanding how to fianacial market works
This has improved my knowledge and aspects of financial markets. 
Very simple and easy way to make a path in the financial markets
It was a great experience to learn from such an erudite persons. 
Good to learn Sir about the facts of lesson in financial marlets
One of the best course on financial markets you'll find anywhere
A must do course to get greater overview of the financial world.
The Best introductory lessons about financial market as a whole.
Superb course and fantastic content. Would definitely recommend!
A very interesting course that covers more than just the basics!
Learned a lot about Financial Markets and developed new skills.
Well designed course loaded with insights on Financial Markets.
Great course, great professor. Congratulations Yale University!
Its really great knowing finance is a thing that govern society
I spent four full days all into the course, the best experience
Great course, but it requires a basic understanding of finance.
Perfect course for learning major aspects of financial markets.
this course give me a better insight into the financial markets
Excellent & life changing . Develops your interest in Finance . 
great course to get started with finance. must take the course.
Excellent course for both finance and non-finance professionals
IT IS GREAT COURSE.I LEARNED LOT OF NEW THINGS FROM THIS COURCE
A very good course to dive in the ocean of financial knowledge.
Very usefull. Robert is Very good teacher,easy to under stand. 
Very insightful and engaging introductory course into finance.
Lessons for life! Excellent course with a brilliant Professor! 
It's a very useful course, I learned and experienced mach more 
It is a very useful course. Thank you for such an opportunity.
Certainly a great course for beginners in the financial market
Amazing course and learnt alot. The Speaker was crowd friendly
Professor Shiller is the best! Please add more of his courses!
Very good course for the  basic knowledge on financial market. 
Excellent Course , Very informative and great learning for me. 
I would recommend this course for every aspiring entrepreneur.
An amazing course taught by an excellent professor. Thank you!
Great Course even for non financial people. Engaging Proffesor
Excellent. The lecturer's enthusiasm for the course helps too.
Very well put together course, learned a lot, would recommend.
Great course for Introductory learning Into Financial Markets!
It was amazing going through the course and worth enrolling!!
it was very good attempt to successfuly complete this course.
This is one of the best courses i have taken, it is top notch
Covers a variety of topics.Though I would like some detailing
Professor Shiller is absolutely amazing. I loved this course. 
Excellent course, great introduction to the financial markets
Got many views of Finance. Great speaker with great lectures.
Very interesting approach of psycology in behavioral finance.
An amazing unassuming professor with a wealth of knowledge!!!
It was very interesting course I ever had,love it. Thank you.
Very nice Course and a must for everyone from any background!
Excellent learning opportunity, more detailed than I epected.
An excellent course delivered by a highly esteemed professor. 
Really enjoyed this course, very informal.  highly recommend! 
Nice course help me gain some important and Essentials skills 
the course was really great and hats off to Professor Robert
It is probably one of the best courses that Coursera offers.
Absolutely Brilliant! I highly recommend taking this course.
It's good for learning .education skills should be developed
Excellent course with an inspiring and thoughtful professor!
Great course to acquire global understanding of the finance. 
Really learnt a lot........ A very knowledgeable instructor.  
Its excellent course for improve the skill regarding finance
Excellent Course, Excellent Content, Excellent Faculty !!!!!
excellent course, thank you so much - i really learned a lot 
Best course to get started with the fundamentals of finance.
Really nice introduction to the theory of financial markets!
"One of the best online courses I have ever attended.
Thanks"
What a great course. Thank you, Prof. Shiller and the team!
Espectacular curso para aprender del mundo de las finanzas!
Excellent, I really learned a lot of the Financial Markets.
Best course to choose if you want to strengthen your basics
very good course and increase knowledge in financial market
It's very useful for every one and effective performed well 
Robert Shiller is the best professor I ever met in my life.
Great coverage of material. Well-worth the time and energy.
brilliant and insightful course, exceptionally educational. 
Very good coverage of topics, understandable and enjoyable.
Excellent course with a very broad approach of the subject.
Prof. Robert Shiller is best lecture I have heard speaking. 
AMAZING COURSE Learned soooo much from professor Robert S.
Very knowledgeable professor. Great insights and theories.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and have learned so much!
It is a awesome information. I was learned so many things.
Great and complete introduction to financial market theory
Course gives good understanding on stock market operations
I enjoyed taking the course from the beginning to the end. 
It's a nice online platform to learn and have certificate. 
This was a great couse and helped me to learn many things.
An excellent course...loved the salons and discussions ...
Excelent course and excelent teacher. Thank you very much. 
Very good course facilitated by a well respected economist
Excellent introduction for a first year university student
great course that teach me overall knowledge about finance
A great course from a great person...Loves from Turkey:)))
It is really useful, nd I'm soo glad to learn this course 
Great course! Good mix between theory and real experience
Was eye-opening and gave a good understanding of finance.
Best course i have ever attended. Thank you so much
Excellent starting point for anyone interested in finance
Truly amazing to learn from Nobel laureate, Robert Shiler
A great course for everyone interested in finance issues!
Amazing course! Leant a lot from the great Rober Shiller. 
that is the best course I have ever watched about finance
This course is very useful for understanding real finance
Financial markets certificate Very useful, iam satisfied
Outstanding professor and differentiated course content. 
Professor is super awesome. Highly recommend this class.
Incredible course!! Learned so much from Robert Shiller.
Thank you Professor Shiller for such an inspiring course 
Excellent course lead by the BEST economist in the world
Valuable insights both for finance and general knowledge
Very Good course. It's comprehensive and knowledgeable.
This is an very essential course for a business studen.    
It was great opportunity to be a part of this course!!!
The professor explain it so clearly! Thank you so much!
Very helpful in getting to know about financial markets
Thank you very much for this opportunity! Just loved it
Really helpful and interesting course. I learned a lot!
It was thought provoking course with practical insights 
Great Professor.  I'm learning a lot from the lectures.
Best course studied in Coursera so Far!!! Outstanding!!
Excellent course, would strongly recommend to anybody.
Fantastic course everything was very well explained!!!
Highly Recommended for behavioral finance enthusiasts.
Muy recomendable, el profesor domina altamente el tema
Amazing course! Especially for the non-finance people.
It was Amazing course get lots of knowledge. Thank you 
Very interesting and useful course. Thank you so much!
Very well designed course and very engaging professor!
lots of learning in different way, thank you Professor
i learnt a lot about finance its a happy movement.....
excellent course, very didactic and easy to understand
Truly inspiring, excellent course, love the professor.
A really useful and must-do course for finance lovers.
Very clear and interesting concepts. Great professor.
massively beneficial course with an amazing professor
Great course for understanding of finance in general.
it is very informative and a career beneficial course
Great course and profesor Robert Shiller is excellent 
Very interesting perspective on the financial market!
Great insights but it's more of American perspective.
LOVE THIS COURSE AND LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKING MORE:)
Its good and helps to improve the financial knowledge 
Nice and got more information about financial markets
The Best way to spend free time, absolutely to try!!!
Good course to have an overview of financial markets.
Good course for basic financial markets understanding
Thanks for such a meaning financial course like this. 
like this course, really broaden my view of the world
Amazing to learn from such a knowledgeable professor.
accessible, varied, high level insights, entertaining
Comprehensive, well presented and always interesting! 
course era is an excellent platform for the students
exclent and very useful course to improve your skill
Excellent material to learn how modern finance works
Fantastic course. Prof. Shiller simply illuminating.
Good course. Both challenging and rewarding. Thanks!
I really enjoyed and learned a lot from this course.
Great course to learn about the Finance for beginner
A great course to understand the basics of economics
Great basis in order to understand financial markets
Enjoyed my course throughly. Thanks to the professor
An interesting course with lots of great information
Very insightful. The professor makes it even better!
Awesome!Open my mind about many subjects in finance.
Excelente! Feliz de poder acceder a este contenido!
perfect course and very useful for my life , Thanks 
It was an amazing experience. I was wanting more!!!
The best course on finance with the best professor.
Excellent, vey interactive, easy going and helpful!
Excellent course, hatts off to Professor SHILLER!!!
Just amazing, I couldn't ask for a better professor
Amazing course with an amazing teacher, incredible.
Really great course! I would strongly reccomend it. 
Very good course ! Professor Shiller is incredible! 
very interesting and great delivery of the material
Excellent classes, it is a great course to begin!!!
Interesting, inspiring and very useful informations
This course was fantastic. Very deep  and complete
Curso Excelente. Aprendi muito. Recomendo a todos!
this course help me a lot to improve my knowledge.
Great course, obtained a great level of knowledge.
excelente curso, aumento mi perspectiva financiera
It's an very usefull for students to get knowledge 
Amazing course. one can learn without being tired.
An excellent dive into world of financial markets. 
Thank you. Very insightful and perfectly detailed.
Excellent Course. Thank you very much Dr. Shiller.
Superb Course! I'd like more of those on Coursera!
Excellent. Great to learn from a true professional
Thoroughly enjoyed Shiller's lectures. Good stuff.
Professor's depth of knowledge left me spellbound. 
Love professor Shiller, thank you for your course!
All what you need to understand financial markets.
Great course which offers a broad view on finance.
Excellent material and teacher explain very well.
One of the best course their on financial markets
Great course, it covers a great variety of topics
Absolutely Brilliant course for finance beginners
very nice course thank u for offering this course
Wonderful, interesting course. I really liked it.
Very comprehensive and a very engaging professor.
Very useful course for finance students. Thankyou 
Excellent! I really enjoyed it and learned a lot!
Its use full to finance marketing or business use
Perfect, one of the best course in this category.
Extremely helpful for any aspiring financial mind
The best course I followed on Coursera until now.
IT'S AMAZING COURSE  I HAVE EVER BEEN BEEN FOUND.
Always a great experience to learn from the best!
100% satisfied with the learning of this course.
Best course on Finance that you can find online. 
Excellent course. Prof. Shiller is the greatest.
Time to learn about blockchain now. Amazing work
It is a really informative and enriching course.
This was a very engaging and interesting course. 
It is a very interesting and informative course. 
Excellent and enriching financial markets course
Incredible course and very nice to get iniciated
Ya one of the best courses and lecturer ever had
Wonderful course held by a remarkable professor.
Thank you very much!!! This course was amazing))
it was very informative through historical facts
Excellent course, refreshing and well explaining
Great course with holistic overview of industry. 
Awesome course. Prof was great. I learnt a lot !
Very interesting and the professor is fabulous!
best every for real take the course it worth it 
This course is so usefull to know about finance 
A great overview of the major financial markets
A bit confusing but a splendid learning journey
Excellent course. Professor Shiller was superb!
Great course!! very complete and good content!! 
Good one to start with financial markets,Thanks
Excellent, highly relevant, and well-delivered.
its really interesting and you can learn a lot 
Fantastic course being taught by the very best!
Very nice course.... I'm very glad to have it.. 
One of the best course ever i have done before.
Very comprehensive and good developed material.
Great Course. The professor was extremely good.
Very interesting course ! I will recommended it 
The course is overall good. One must go for it.
Excellent. A little bit too focused on the U.S.
Excellent course with an outstanding professor.
The teacher is very interesting and convincing.
Great and very useful! Everyone should take it 
Delivery and content of course is very good...
Excellent course. Will recommend it anytime.GD
Super useful course that everyone should take! 
Wonderful. I am very grateful to Mr. Schiller.
It is a great course for beginners in finance.
This course was very interesting and enriching
Quality content and lecture by Yale University
Excelente el contenido y excelente el profesor
Very helpful as an intro to financial markets!
Mis agradecimientos a profesor Robert Shiller.
This was a fantastic course that was engaging! 
Loved this course! PERFECT, BRIEF AND ACCURATE
Very very very informative. Easy to comprehend
i enjoyed and learned a lot from this course . 
That was very simple to understand! Thank you!
Good Basics in the Financial Theory and System
Great course to boost your financial knowledge
Excellent. Thank you for this high level Mooc.
Great course, excellent content and delivery. 
Very complete and useful course for everybody 
Robert Schiller is an amazing Tutor for sure!
Great information taught by great instructor. 
I have so much better knowledge about finance
The teacher is a genious. He know everything.
Brilliant course and extremely well delivered
Very good course. Very well explained. Thans!
Amazing course! Huge fan of Professor Shiller
That was a great honor to have those classes!
Fantastic course, by a phenomenal instructor. 
Gave good basic overview of financial markets
I loved this course. Thank you Prof. Shiller!
A top course on coursera. Highly recommended.
Really interesting course, I recommend it !!!
very thoughtful and practical. comprehensive.
Amazing teacher. Thank you Professor Schiller
AVeryGoodProfessorAndAVeryinterestingPedagogy
This course was very helpful and interesting.
Course is highly informative and well taught.
Excellent course, I couldn't recommend more.
Prof Shiller is a great lecturer, good pace.  
Professor was very engaging and informative. 
Awsome course. Great intro to stock trading.
Excellent for beginners. Thanks Mr. Shiller!
It is so important for equity search peoples
Great structure , teaching and assessments !
Excelente y amigable el curso en su plenitud
The course was a value addition by all means
Best learning platform for Financial Markets 
great teacher and great content, Thank You!!
It is very nice .I lerned in this course etc
It was a great opportunity to study with you
The best professor in the world. that is it.
It was a long journey but worth every minute 
Una gran oportunidad para aprender y mejorar
great teacher , clear and simple explanation 
Excellent course, Robert spoke with clarity.
Robert Shiller is just an amazing professor!
Very well structured and interesting course
Very useful and informative. Also very fun! 
Fantastic course, thank you, Prof Schiller!
Very relevant content and great instructor!
An amazing experience with Robert Shiller!!
The curriculum is relevant and informative.  
Well defined course for starters in finance
best course to understand financial markets 
Excellent course and I love you MR.shiller.
Excellent course, recommended for everyone.
Exceptional course, exceptional instructor.
Maybe one the best Course. I recommand it !
Great course as an introduction to Finance.  
Amazing!  The Best of the Best, hands down!
i loved the course and was very beneficial
Exceptional course, beyond my expectations
Excellent! Prof. Schiller is just amazing!
One of the best course I ever had! Try it!
It's very easy to learn and understandable
Its really amazing... and best one for all
The best course one could be able to take. 
Well-organised, practical and interesting! 
until now are amazing. Thank you coursera!
Teached by a Nobel Prize winner. nuff said 
I really enjoyed the course. Thank you... 
an amazing course, it just change my life
One of the best finance courses out here!
Inspirational course!Thank you very much!
Thanks for provided these type of courses
Great Course!informative and interesting.
It gives me a clear idea of market system
Thank you For Approving my Financial Aid.
My first Coursera course, and I loved it. 
Great course with very good informations.
Really great course, thank you so much!!!
Amayzing !!!!!!!!!Very good !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You get a good basic feeling for finance!
Thanks, for this very interactive course.
It's take time to complete but worth it.
Great Course taught by a great professor
Absolutely amazing course and professor!
One of the best course I have ever taken
Concise, thorough & well-oriented course
Very inspiring and beautifully designed.
You will learn the littles about finance
Good course with an excellent professor. 
Es un excelente curso, muy recomendable.
Excelente sistema de estudio a distancia
Fantastic overview of financial markets. 
best course for introduction for finance
A great overview of the financial market
Prof. Shiller was amazing. Thanks alot.
Great course, great knowledge achieved.
Excellent course. Informative and tough
I learned a lot about financial markets
Excellent course, a inspiring professor
it is very helpful for commerce leaners
It's the best course I have ever taken.
Truly amazing and inspiring! Thank you.
Very informative...! Well satisfied...! 
Excellent and well-thought out program. 
Good introduction to financial markets. 
Excellent course! I enjoyed it so much!
A very worthwhile and insightful course
A fantastic course. Highly recommended!
complete knowledge of financial markets 
It will be beneficial for me in future.
Good Course if you are new to finances. 
I didn't expected it would be so great!
Excellente course! Fully recommended!!
Good course for starting learn finance
excellent course by professor robert !
An absolutely breathtaking experience.
Well adapted to real life implications
it is really great!!!!! helps me a lot 
Incredible course. Highly recommended.
Excellent course for basics of finance
it is very nice and interesting course
Amazing and very stimulating lectures! 
Very interesting and educating course. 
Very good course from Yale university. 
Good for me to have your these courses 
Good course with a lot of information.
Excelente curso e excelente professor.
"
EXCELENTE CURSO, MATERIAL Y DIDACTICA.

"
Amazing teacher. The course is great!
Its very helpful to acquire knowledge
ROBERT SHRILLER IS A GREAT PROFESSOR.
Thanks Professor SchillerThanks Yale
Very practical U must have a listen .
A great course! I enoyed it very much
It is improved knowledg and egication
Excellente course, recommend totally.
The course truly lived the billing... 
Excelente! Muy conforme con el curso.
 Improve knowledge in financial market 
Thank you so much Professor Schiller! 
This is very useful financial course!
It was a wonderful experience for me.
It was a great time with this project 
What a wonderful learning experience! 
Amazing and extremely informational. 
This course was really worth taking.
SUPER LEARNING EXPERIENCE, THANK YOU
it is  the best choice for beginners
It is a very very very Great Course!
The professor was great at lecturing
Excellent Lecturer, excellent course
I think this is an excellent course.
worldclass teacher! fantastic course 
That was great experience. Thank you
One of the best courses on Coursera. 
Great course with a great Professor.
"excellent course, very good content
"
only just started very informative.
Amazing course and great lecturer !
Interesting Introduction to Finance
Great course... thank you very much
Great overview of financial markets
Very well structured and presented.
Excelente course for all the levels 
Good overview. Not a lot of detail.
Great Course! Totally recommend it!
Very well organized  and presented!
Thanks to Yale and Coursera team!!!
Highly informative and recommended.
Very informative. Great professor! 
I like this course a lot thank you
It's very helpful for the students 
Best course with lots of knowledge 
Excellent to learn basic Finance!!
amazing teacher, lively experience
great classes and good performance
this was really a wonderful course
Best course  for financial markets
This course will change your life.  
Good courses, we need for our life 
Exceptional course on how finance!
Top notch. The lectures are great.
Excellent Course. Very informative
Very informative and learned alot
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. 
i did relatively enjoy the course
Great introductory finance course
Knowledge gained is more valuable
Great course for finance students
Very informative & well conducted
Great course, I really enjoyed it
the best course for the beginner.
It was a very informative course.
Exellent Course, great professor!
It's a good platform for learning
Good overview of how markets work
Great course, highly recommended!
Good Professor, very helpfull....
Very useful for non-professionals 
Great for beginners in Economics!
Great Course and Great Professor.
i learn more things  in coursera
Excellent course and teacher !!!
Shiller is a very good professor
I thoroughly enjoyed the course!
He made me totally love finance!
Awesome course! Great professor!
REALLY ENJOYED, VERY INFORMATIVE
A Must take Course For Every one
Excellent course and thank you !
Great Course, Excellent teacher.
Marvelous course. Short my good.
It makes me to improve everyday.
It was the best I've ever taken.
Professor Shiller is brilliant!
Amazing and very useful course.
Excellent Course for everybody.
Awesome course, will recommend. 
Nice course i really enjoyed it
A good course for the beginners
Awesome and really informative.
Amazing course by Prof.Shiller.
This course is part of my life.
Excellent course, very engaging
I learn lot happy to share this
Amazing Basic Knowledge course!
Robert Shiller is his very best  
Nice start to get into finance.
AMAZING!!! Thank you professor!
Fundamental concept in finance
An amazing session of earning.
Excelente curso. Los felicito! 
I really appreciate this cause
Great course! Very informative
It was a very good experience. 
Best course I've taken online!
un excelente curso de lo mejor 
Great course, thanks coursera! 
Excellent and engaging course.
Amazing course, Learned a Lot!
It has been a great experience
got some useful things to know
great course so useful, thanks
Dr. Shiller is just brilliant!
Very useful and informative!!!
Probably the best you can find
The Financial Coursera Course.
it is a package of knowledge.
we got good subject knowledge
I am grateful for this course
Excellent course for learning
Prof. Shiller is outstanding.
Professor is one of the best. 
Very well learnimg experience
Best course ever done online,
EXCELENT , HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Well organized and insightful
Excellent course for beginner
Amazing course! We need more! 
Best course I have ever taken
Great course, great professor
Great intro course to Finance
It's a great course,I love it
Great professor and content!
interesting and informative.
Very well structured course.
Great course! Learned a lot.
I really like it this course
i really enjoyed studying it
It's a very complete course!
Very relevant and enjoyable.
it's interesting and helpful 
One of the finest colours,,. 
Excelente curso. Awesome!!!!
A great overview of Finance.
That was gate course for me 
amazing learning experience
Fun, factual and educative!
absolutely great learning !
very good and useful course 
Awesome class. Learned alot
Excellent way of teaching!!
very much insightful course
Extremely beneficial course
I didn't get my certificate
Excelentecursointroductorio
Teacher...excelent, master.
This course was excellent!!
absoluyrly loved the course
This is very helpful course   
great course. Thanks a lot.
Great course by a Great man
great content and professor 
Very useful and well paced!
Fantastic. Enjoyed totally.
Very useful for beginners.
Excellent intensive course
Good course, learned a lot
It's a good learning field
Its an incredible course. 
It is an excellent course.
very good help full coures
Completed financial market
Excelente muy recomendable 
I like Financial Farketing
amazing professor Shiller.
Thanks For this Opportuniy
The Shiller, The Better =)
Great learning expeireince
Superb Learning Experience 
Great course!!! Thank you.
totally worth it!thank you
Good course, I learnt alot
A great, insightful course
Great class, learned a lot
Overall excellent course !
Great intellectual course.
it was a great experience
Great very diverse course
Yale University "Amazing"
really very good course .
very good course to begin
It was really nice course
Very clear and insightful 
Bob Shiller at his best !
Have benefited a lot from
You'll love this course .
Informative, very helpful
the professor is fabulous
the lecturer is fantastic
 This course is excellent!
Thanks to Robert Shiller
It was a great learning. 
Thank you for the class! 
i can say only thank you
Have a great full course
Very engaging professor!
amazing course.very good
Excellent course content 
AMAZING FREE COURSE EVER
Increase Business skills
This course was amazing!
it was very useful to me
Very interesting course.  
It was a good experience
It's a very nice course.
Brilliant and insightful
Very interesting course!
Best intro course ever !
Very Infornative course.
It is very useful to me 
Un curso extraordinario
Super inspiring course!
that was amazing course
Really amasing course !
Very informative Course 
Very useful & effective
Thoroughly enjoyed it !
best course on Coursera
A comprehensive course! 
I really learned a lot.
Solo decir : excelente!
This course is amazing!
A threshold to success! 
This is a great course
This course is superb.
It was a great course!
It was very insightful 
best course I loved it 
Perfect app for course
Best online course....
I understand very well
Exceptionally valuable
Its very useful for us
Tasking but beneficial
best course on finance 
best course in finance
Outstanding professor. 
Professor is excellent
A great Finance course
really helpful course
Beautifully explained
its very useful to me
Outstanding Resources
Excellent this course
I loved this course !
Amazingly informative
This is a best course 
Everything Excelent!!
Well made and useful.
I enjoyed the course!
Really its super good
Improves my knowledge
Absolutely phantastic
It has a great course
es un curso excelente 
Our deepest thanks!!!  
The best course ever.
The man is brilliant.
Very helpful course.
It is a good course.
Above my expectation
it was a great time!
good course i guess.
An Excellent course!
Excellent experience
Course very useful..
Absolutely Inspiring
execellent material!
Amazing course guys. 
Professor is Amazing
Valuable information
Such a great course!
Really enjoyed this. 
Amazing course !! :D 
It helped me a lot! 
Excellent professor 
Legendary professor 
Exceptional course. 
wonderful professor 
Excellent. thanks.  

Pretty comprehensive course and very well taught. Thanks so much, Paul!Just a few negatives: 1. The time required for readings is not accurate and takes much more than the mere 10 minutes indicated each week. 2.The subtitles contain quite a few typo. 3. Too much focus is put (wrongly and inaccurately in my view) on opposing Psychology and Religion.
The course content was great, but I have an issue with the videos. I don't learn well that way to begin with, and the sound effects make it harder. Granted, I have sensory issues from my autism, but I think a lot of other people are easily startled who aren't autistic.
Taking this course during the Covid19 outbreak in the UK, has been a wonderful experience during a difficult period. I have always been passionate about psychology but have never had the opportunity to study it in depth  - doing this with the support of Ivy League resources has been an incredibly interesting experience. During the pandemic, i have been able to dedicate the majority of my time to these modules,  therefore when the reading has extended past the suggested '10 minutes' this has not been a problem.  i would however recommend reviewing this for participants who will rely on these time frames to be accurate, in order to plan the course into their busy lives. It has be great to get an insight into American learning culture and I thoroughly enjoyed Prof. Paul Bloom's teaching style combined with the fun animations. Thank you Yale and Go Bulldogs!
"Intro to Psychology taught by Dr. Bloom of Yale was a very interesting and informative course. I have always been very interested in the field of psychology and was thrilled to have taken such a great class. Rating this course on a scale of 1-5 stars, I would give it a 4 star review. In my opinion, the most important aspects of an online class include exciting visuals, interesting lectures, and use of outside sources. This class exhibited all three!This course had plenty of interesting visuals that floated in and out of the screen that kept me entertained and interested. It also helped me to understand certain things that Dr. Bloom was explaining which is important for visual learners. 	The lectures were interesting and Professor Bloom used many different real life examples to aid in understanding. I really felt as though he was knowledgeable about his field of study as I took the course and I felt as though I was being taught in a way that I could trust.	One of my favorite parts of the class was when outside videos were played about real life experiments in psychology. I found this extremely interesting. Even the TED talk included somewhere in the middle of the course was excellent because it gave us a different persons perspective. My only negative about the class would be that I wish more outside videos had been displayed because I feel that they showed us as students how the subjects we were studying could be applied to the real world.	In conclusion, I really enjoyed this course! I can honestly say that I was excited to sit down at my computer and watch the videos every day. Dr. Bloom was an excellent teacher and I feel as though I acquired a good understanding of the basics of psychology."
I think the Yale psychology course by Professor Bloom was a good experience. I would give this course a four-star out of five-star rating. The reason I think this, is because it was good for the most part but sometimes it got a little boring and there were topics that I didnt think would be a part of an introductory course to psychology. However, I do think he did an excellent job explaining everything he taught. I went into psychology not knowing much about the subject, but Professor Bloom made everything clearer and I  gained a better knowledge of psychology.
I would like to start by giving Dr. Bloom's intro to Psychology course a four out-of five star rating.  I am giving it a four out-of five rating, because it was good but it had a few things that I personally would change about it. I liked almost everything about it, but sometimes it got boring for me.  I loved when we talked about all the mental illnesses, but I also got bored in the beginning.  In the beginning it felt like it took forever to get through.  Also when we were learning about Freud I found that very boring.  
I enjoyed it thoroughly, it was precise and with animations it helped  me memorized things that were new for me. I enjoyed it and never wanted it to come to and end.
I thoroughly understood the concept of human behaviour especially the mental health its therapy . Thank you for giving me this opportunity thanks alot
Lectures, videos and professor were good. The english transcript though had some mistakes. Video/audio needs to be transcribed more carefully.
Muito bom para estudantes de psicologia e quem quer que deseje aprender um pouco sobre esse mundo!
This course had great content and was really interesting.
Nice course for beginners!!
Had an encouraging first-time experience of this sort of an online course. Prof Bloom is an engaging teacher. Loved the bite-sized video lecture chunks -- it allows one to learn and absorb well, at one's own pace. Some of the readings were wonderful -- especially those that had interesting video resources appended. It would help to have greater interconnection between lectures and readings although it wasn't bad. Core/compulsory readings could be separated from Optional readings (for those of us interested in exploring a topic/sub-topic more). The availability of textual material in terms of video transcript and readings was very useful. Paid students should get a more fleshed out certificate,  which includes a clear statement on their performance & grades. The graded quiz should not be a charade with multiple chances of retaking it -- it makes a mockery of testing one's knowledge. Non-MCQ assignments could be incorporated for the more diligent learner.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! It had me on the edge of my seat the entire time. The lessons were well organized and provided a variety of ways to absorb the information, (readings, lectures, reference materials etc. I have always been fascinated with Psychology and I am so glad I had the opportunity to experience this online course with Yale. I do wish there were more lessons and exams, as well as the ability to "fill in the blanks", short essays, etc. rather than multiple choice across the board.  I would gladly pay for the additional testing so it would feel more satisfying when I receive my graded exams. Although, the questions were challenging and I did need to retake some of the exams. Thanks for a great experience and I am looking forward to many more. 
Dr. Paul Bloom, a psychology professor at Yale University, engaged me throughout this online course. His real-world examples furthered my understanding of the material, and each video felt like a live lecture. In the future, I think Coursera should explore other ways of communicating--such as discussion boards and more interactive activities--but I completely understand that this is hard to accomplish given the thousands of students enrolled in each course. After enrolling in this six-week psychology class, I can confirm that I now have a better idea of the psychological field. I will most likely pursue it in the future!
I really enjoyed this course overall. In fact, the only reason I rated 4 and not 5 was because the animation and unnecessary sound effects at times detracted from the lecture and were a little bit annoying. However, in some instances, the animation was helpful. Most importantly, the content was great. I took this course as a refresher and discovered some areas in psychology that I would like to delve into more deeply. The supplemental videos and articles are perfect for further learning and research. I found the review quizzes to be easy and I think I would have enjoyed additional tasks or assignments.
The course in very interesting and touches the ground of most of the psychology aspect with a brief and to the point style with straight to the point ideas and thoughts that get the subject well grasbed. the only issue that i would give this course 4 stars is Dr. Paul Bloom. Although he is extremely knowledgeable and very intresting instructor but consistently incepting some of his own personal opinion and sometimes radical beliefs such as his beliefs of evolution theory, some covert hints about atheism into the content. Aside to such issue, i found the course to be extremely good and very helpful.  
This was a fantastic course. I've always been drawn to psychology, but never pursued it as a career choice. Taking this course has really got me excited about the possibility of diving deeper into the profession. I am also a visual learner, so appreciated the silly animations with each video and that I could follow along with the script of each video. It's also kind of fun that I can say I took a course at Yale, lol. Thank you for offering this online and for free. It was a great and I hope to take some more psychology courses from here.
The course gives a great overview of western psychological principles and practices with engaging videos and a plethora of learning resources to choose from. The pedagogy is easy to understand and the assessments are increasingly relevant and challenging. For the intellectually curious there is a great deal of material to explore. I would have loved to learn about eastern psychological principles and practices and their integration into modern psychological practices, but maybe for an intro psych course, that is simply asking too much.
I am grateful to have had the opportunity to take Introduction to Psychology with professor Paul Bloom. It was an engaging and challenging course, and Professor Bloom has extensive and impressive knowledge of the subject matter. I have learned many new concepts and now understand how to listen and read the assigned materials more thoroughly. I would recommend this course to anyone who is considering pursuing psychology as a major. This course provides an extensive but condensed look at what to expect in other psychology courses. 
I think this was a well-rounded course on the subject of psychology which was pretty insightful and informative. One little complaint of mine is that I found the video animation style somehow distracting and I often found myself losing focus. It was as if I could concentrate better by just listening to the professor speaking without the animation running. Overall, a good course on psychology to beginners and I would recommend this course to anyone interested!
I really enjoyed this course! I took it as COVID-19 was in affect for 2 months and we saw an outcry of people refusing to wear masks and protesting for normalcy. It provided me with great communication tools to better have conversations with varying generations about things happening in the world. My only criticism were minor sound or typos in the coursework. Overall worthwhile to help you change your mindset and speak more intelligently in everyday life.
Loved the lectures by the professor. Would have been great if I could see him directly while he gives the lectures rather than to see an animation of him. The reading exercises took longer than the allocated time to complete but definitely a good introduction to psychology. The initial lectures might seem boring but they lay the foundation for the lectures that follow, so would suggest to be a bit patient initially. Then on it is more interesting,
Excellent overview course and stylish. I enjoyed neuroscience of emotions and neurotransmitters the most and by far. Clever quizz questions. Some topics were way too brief and others were too rushed. And some readings are way longer than the stated 10min. Some NOBA modules were too boring and had little information, others were amazing, specially amazingly the one on  affective neuroscience https://nobaproject.com/modules/affective-neuroscience  
I love taking Coursera courses online because I can go at my own pace and watch, read, rewatch and reread, and take notes to study before taking the quizzes. Professor Bloom did a great job teaching the course. I highly recommend both, Professor Bloom and the course. Id like to know how I can get official transcripts. Looking forward to taking another psychology course. Ive taken other classes before and enjoyed each one.Martina R. Gallegos 
Really solid course to the field of psychology. There are lots of visual aides and supplemental videos that are implemented throughout the lectures that accompany those taking the class with the content. The vast majority of information is contained within the videos, making for straightforward quizzes. And Professor Bloom is pretty engaging for this online course; strongly recommend to anyone with even a remote interest in the subject. 
the course was really good and engaging and so interactive that i covered it many days before the deadline. the course covers a very vast area and touches many topics in a very elegant and engaging manner. the course can be better if it had some means like surveys or something that the participants can conduct with the people they know and can have an idea of the applicability of the psychology around them in practical form.
Professor Bloom's voice is magical - soothing, knowledgeable and kind - almost ASMR-esque. The course is structured very fluidly, the examples quoted are taken from life and you never feel overwhelmed at any point. The animated visuals are a bonus - it makes the class so much more interesting than had it been just plain text on screen. I thoroughly enjoyed this course - would certainly recommend it!
I loved the honesty of the professor, the cartoon-style college lectures, the playful and relatable examples and demonstrations of Psychology concepts, and the professor's ever-changing cartoon outfits in all the videos.  The class covers a ton of information, but its also told in a way that most people can understand, and I love that!  I'm so glad I got to take this course :).
Paul Bloom is a passionate teacher . I would rather loved to see him on a live recorded classroom lecture rather than his animated avatar . You can always pitch in the graphics on this recorded lecture , also would be glad to get a glimpse of what happens inside an Yale psych session . Ending the note with gratitude for making this course available to us . Thank You !!
Excellent lecturer, and a stimulating introduction to psychology. Many topics will be familiar to students of other social sciences or humanities, and more review at the end of the course (or a summary PDF for each module) would be helpful to concretise knowledge for learners. Readings are from a digital coursepack, and are useful for course quizzes. 
Great course overall, a good foundation to start working/study etc. on psychology, knowing what psychology is about in general, or simply get a grasp of how our brain works. I believed one might improved overall happiness, or self well-being if you prefer, simply by knowing the basic of how our brain works and how our environment affect our brain.
I took this course just to dip my toe into the world of Psychology and prepare myself for AP Psych next year (I'm in high school currently). There were some concepts that I felt needed to be expanded on and connected to (some lectures just seemed unrelated to the previous ones and it was hard to understand the main ideas) but it was really great. 
A bit more overview of different forms & applications of clinical psychology would be great to help students get a sense of which pathway may be best suited for them if they were to pursue more research & begin research career choices (ie if that's why they took the course - to see which path would be "best" for them to conduct further research.)
My intention of attending this course was to get a feel for the subject area, particularly how it can help in day to day life. To that extent, the course has been successful. I think this course delves into western psychological perspectives. Given the global nature of the audience, it would have been good to know the oriental perspective also.
This was a highly insightful course which was the perfect culmination of technical jargon and layman explanations. I have learnt a lot here that I will be sure to apply in life moving forward, not only in  personal context but a professional one. This is a course no one with the slightest interest in psychology will come to regret. 
Simply wow! Effectively organized and structured.  This course is a must-do for all those who would want to grasp the concepts as well as pursue a career in psychology. It was worth my time and effort. I thank the professor and all those who contributed to this course for coming up with such a detailed yet brief output. Thank You! 
Happy with the course module and its in-depth yet concise explaination by the Professor. Would certainly recommend this course to individuals who are academically interested in Psychology and to professional who want to improve their soft skills as this explain the science behind human behaviour in an effective manner. 
Great information about psychology i gained through this course and this could help me in my career in psychology. As well as i also want to recommended them use some more understandable data in the  course so this make it  more easier for us to get better understanding and provide data in the notes form.
Very useful as an introduction to psychology which linked to mystery of human behavior and how we are different and similar as individual. The course was put together systematically, using language that even non-psychology academics can understand. The use of animation makes it less dull to learn as well. 
Overall it's a good general overview of the subject of Psychology, giving you information about the different aspects and specializations in the field. Some topics are more rich than others , but still it provides you with the essential keys to dive deep on your own afterwards. The readings are great!
As I said this course is best introductory course, I mean you won't total psychology here itself but you get how to approach psychology or how to think like psychology and we can have a basic understanding of all fields of psychology. overall, this course met my expectations and I enjoyed the course.
This course was very well presented and the animations within some of the videos were very engaging and helped me to remember the information. I particularly liked the `ted talks and also the videos from specific scientific studies within the lectures as they helped further my understanding. 
Good material, very thorough. Its videos are animations which was not the best for me. Prof. Bloom is knowleadgeable, funny and humble. The course is exactly what it says it is, an introduction, an overview of the field but with option to further your studies according to interest.
Material excellent and I found the animations actually less distracting than watching a person. I found it a novel way to present the lectures. Very interesting articles and length of course manageable for a busy lifestyle! Please do more courses Professor Bloom!!
This was certainly a course that serves its purpose of introducing beginners to psychology. I really enjoyed it! However, personally, I wish it would go a bit more in depth. Nevertheless, this is definitely a great course that I do not regret to have learned.
The course materials was arranged very nicely and presentation was awesome. It would be better if i could see paul bloom directly while giving the lecture. I didn't like the animation he provided. May be he needs to think more about animations in future. 
It was a great overview of the types of topics psychology plays a role in. It was informative and engaging, particularly when the Professor Bloom spoke of studies and psychological phenomenons/theories to give a better understanding of its application. 
It was a good introduction for me to deepen in this area. There are interesting points as well as challenging ones that I want to clarify furthermore, such as parenting. I think there was a good grasp of what psychology studies and why it is important. 
Broad overview across several topics.. Found the animated style super engaging.. the relevant examples and videos definitely enhanced my understanding. Keen to see more offerings from this professor. Super valuable grounding in this subject. Thank you! 
This course though was a bit long, it provided an overview of almost every aspect in the field of psychology. Course gets more interesting with every new week, It also provides interesting research clips.I enjoyed the child psychology chapter the most.
Examples need improvement. Extra credit and free certificate should be given to foreigner as English is their second or third language but they arre doing great job by clearing this course. This course should be given as a reference to go USA for study
The content is very good, but it's format is poorly constructed. I loved the lectures of Professor Bloom, and I highly recommend the course, with a small disclaimer: the format, which is 100% animated, will likely distract some of the audience
The only thing I found negative is the fact that there is no way you can complete the readings in 10 minutes. The reading itself took 2+ hours every week. It would have been better if the reading material were also included in the lectures.
This is one of the best courses that I have taken. The course was very engaging, interesting, stimulating to think beyond our preassumed set of thoughts and beliefs. Thanks to the Professor who made this course a wonderful experience.
Fantastic introduction to psychology. Lectures are clear and well structured. Gives an overview on the fields and allows to deepen in the topics of interest.  Would be better if lectures had actual video, but is in general very good. 
Very great course with a lot of fun and learning. There was some mistake like the number of videos in a particular week were more but the overall course was very nice. I would emphasis my friends to take this course and have fun.
I have changed my opinion about psychology, especially about the content of psychology with this course. It's so useful, informative and fun in the mean time. Perfect trail courses if one is considering to take long-time courses.
It was really eye opener for me. So many misconceptions got cleared. But the videos get repetitive sometimes as the interactions between the professor and students is less. Otherwise it is a tremendous lecture series. Thank you. 
Loved the course and the teacher. Professor Bloom is very articulate in his explanations and he has successfully managed to spark my curiosity for a subject that has remained fascinating to me since a long long time. Thank you. 
Great content. The lecturer has a wonderful voice. However the delivery in terms of diction and syntax was poor.  The robotically captured script was inaccurate. People who are not native English speakers will have difficulty. 
The course is very interesting the way it introduces us to the different psychology theories and the professor is amazing. Special mention to the designer of the course with whose efforts the videos were very engaging. 
Professor Bloom was fun and brilliant while the animated lectures were knowledgable and engaing. I enrolled to gain some insight into the field of psychology and I must say that I don't regret this decision at all!
Professor Bloom's unique method of teaching made it so easy to understand the fundamentals of Psychology. I didn't want the session to end at all. Thank you Coursera and Yale University for making this possible :)
I enjoyed the course and learnt about Psychology and it is very need full to every one. And i share this with my colleagues and relatives and all people who are connected to me, thank you for providing this course 
Excellent course from Professor Bloom who makes it more lively.  The noise of the animations on the screen is a bit annoying and sometimes it blocks a few words which he mentions but other than that, great course!
This course was a great introduction to psychology. There was a great level of detail and optional further reading and I enjoyed the different uses of learning media which were tested in the tests each week.
I particularly enjoyed his speaking voice and mannerisms.  He made it feel like I was in the room with a real person talking to a full class of students.  I will be searching for anything else he presents.
The course is like a breeze courtesy Dr. Bloom engaging lecturing style ably supported by witty animations. Hope there were more courses wrapped like this on Coursera ...this makes learning so much fun!!
Very informative and it gives an insight into psychology world for beginners like me. I've always wanted to learn about Psychology and i think this course is a good start for me. Thanks, Professor Bloom. 
Great lecturer, great content, great animation, only thing missing - graded assignments. Great job Paul Bloom, Yale University and all the other people who contributed to the creation of this course.
This course offered me a lot to think about what we are as Human Beings and I'm glad that I took this course and Prof. Paul Bloom is excellent in this course and I find this course thought provoking. 
Extremely good and relevant information as well as the accumulation of noteworthy scientific thought regarding human psychology, including child development, human behavior and abnormal disorders.
I found the course very interesting, Prof Bloom has explained the concepts very simply and clearly. Please let me know if there is a follow-up course as I would like to leam more on the topic.  
it was a great course for the beginner to get the start up on further knowledge regards of psychology ahead. it was really engaging and the format was great. I enjoyed it overall. thank you.
The course was engaging and gave me a thrilling insight into psychology. Provided me answer to questions and gave me insights into various theories; how the human brain thinks and perceives.
In my sense, most of topics were just discussed but my quench for that topic was not fulfilled. More reasonable things like causes and effects should be added in some lectures. Overall Okay
course content and the speaker was good but i expected him to be present rather than being in the animation. this is just my personal opinion so nevermind. this is a course to be suggested.
Thank you a lot, Paul Bloom and the company, for creating this course! It helps me to understand this particular field - my goal is reached :)The idea with video illustrations is amazing!
A good Course for those who are interested in this subject and want a source to start from. Well explained and easy to follow. Contemporary examples has kept the course fresh and relevant
thank you very much for all matirial and info. My idea for the course was to get some basic knowlege in psychology field. it was very interesting and i might be back to the topic soon.
Very interesting course, it has opened my mind to see Psychology in a different way that i thought it would be, and the course helped me to gain a better understanding of happiness.
Really helped me a lot to know what is happiness is. Learned a vast arena of human psychology. This course was helpful to me as it taught me much more than i knew about some facts.
amazing course! meets our expectations and teaches us in a manner that we can apply in our day to day life. perfectly illustrative examples and gives us a very good understanding. 
I found this course to be well designed and interesting. It covered a lot of different areas related to psychology, some of which I had not previously looked at to be part of it.
This is a great course. Personally I've got a chance to grab so many knowledge about psychology and this is amazing course for all of you who are having interest in psychology. 
An excellent course with some fascinating material.  In my opinion, real life videos of the professor delivering the material (rather than animations) would improve engagement.
Its a great course filled with a wonderful insight into the world of psychology. It is a good place to start if you ever have any interest in learning what this field entails. 
helo Dr ,please i finished the corse with a good notes please tel me how can i get muy certificate thanks you this my email: joefarraj4@gmail.com or my number 0052 3320207474
Interesting course and a great introduction to the general study of psychology, it has inspired me to learn from about the subject and to learn more about myself, thank you!
content wise it was a very interesting course, unusual in its presentation method buy enjoyable none the less. Also a lot of interesting and informative additional content
Really good introductory course. I was amazed at how many things touch to psychology. Bloom did a good job explaining different concepts and making the course accessible.
It was almost a five star experience. The only thing that discouraged me was the tempo and diction of the lecturer who is without any doubt a great expert in his field.  
To know the various aspects of psychology and some high level scenarios; this course is really good. This course will not give you deep acknowledge about every aspect.
would like to have a bit more focused and extended explanation on some topics. For me this course perfectly match together with similar one from Toronto university.
Got to learn a lot of new things,BUT A FEELING is there something more could be there.Resultant i enjoyed the process and felt little sad when the course ended....
Thank you for the great course. It really enlightened me on various concepts of psychology.  The professor had a great humor sense. I loved the additional content.
Absolutely had a great time doing this course .got to know about depression, babies , memories, happiness and etc . Thanks coursera for providing this course .
The course was well constructed, really informative and motivating to learn more on the subject. The lecture could be more of a lively type than mere animation  
It is good course to learn and understand basics of Psychology. It is interesting and involved subject if you are interested in understanding human behaviour. 
Prof. Bloom did establish a good foundation for the scientific study of psychology  in this introductory course with a good compilation of reading materials
it was quite good, satisfactory for me.. i got all the topics and information that i wanted. the professor was very engaging even through the technology.    
A wide range of engaging content across all branches of psychology. Extremely beneficial for anyone looking to discover the foundations of this field. 
I really enjoyed this course. It gave a clear view of the broad spectrum of psychology. Allowing me to understand that psychology in itself is broad . 
The content was good but it felt like there was more contents crammed into an entire lecture and the lecture were a bit tedious otherwise it was good
It was an excellent course to provide an introduction to psychology. But I feel too much animation failed to connect me personally to the professor.
It's an amazing introductory course to the world of psychology . The topics are covered very well and the extra readings are also very informative.
I am grateful for the new insights provided through the course. The lectures were awesome. I am glad I could understand a lot within a short while.
I enjoyed a lot learning psychology course. My long term willingness to learn psychology has been achieved. Thanks for the opportunities given.
It has been a great chance for me to take that course and benefit from its content. Thank you professor paul from an Egyptian psychology lover!
Except for some of the background sounds (noises) in video animations which were distracting and disturbing ; course content was excellent
Professor Bloom is highly engaging. After this course I am much more serious about pursuing a graduate degree in psychology, thank you. 
This course was really good. This course also gave me a direction that what topicks I can pick later for further study in Psychology.
Really good introductory course on psychology. Prof Bloom is a wonderful teacher. Very interesting and lively experience I have had. 
This course provides a clear, basic overview of psychology, but I wouldn't place it on par with, say, a self-study of AP Psychology.
A very interesting course with a good high level overview on many psychology related themes. A very enjoyable way to spend lockdown
The course is very well-made, however it's short and very brief. An introduction course in university contains a lot more material
The first part of the course was detailed, concrete and fundamental. But I find the last 3 weeks were too vague and unsystematized
This course gives a very general and an overall view of basic psychology, I really loved the way the professor took it throughout 
This course helped me understand psychology as a study more but the density of the information in it was hard to handle at times.
I loved the course, but found some animation and sounds to be distracting, and not being able to see the professor less engaging.
It was a very interesting course concerning the Introduction in Psychology. Professor Bloom and the videos were very engaging. 
Great course, fantastic presentation the only thing keeping it from five stars is the massive amount of typos in the texts.
A great start to anyone looking to understand the basic workings of the mind. I hope it does you as much good as it did me.
Very engaging course; appropriate duration, engaging animations, relevant videos and rich content. I recommend this course.
I really enjoyed the coruse. I suggest to plan a more advanced psychology course, if there isnt allready one. Thank you. 
I like the course, very informative. It gave me the overview of the different branches of psychology and its theories.
This is a best course for all beginners in Psychology or those who wished to know the basic aspects about psychology.
Highly Recommended for all those interested in psychology and wish to learn about the various aspects of psychology 
It is a very interesting course. It helps me to understand psychological aspects of children, infants, people, etc. 
I enjoyed this course very much and would like to continue to a second one but cannot find what you are offering.
A good overview of the different areas of psychology to build on an understanding of how we relate to the world
Insightful. Unfortunately, the animations are most of the time interrupting the learning process - Not a fan.
This course is very useful for students of psychology . Actually it is mandatory before going to next level.
Very interesting and easy to follow. I was not keen on the last lecture, but the rest is pretty informative.
Educative and insightful analysis. The experience was quite real and far from a virtual class that it is.
very nice course would highly recommend it as a great introduction to the broad discipline of psychology
kindly provide me certificate of introduction to psychology free.I am waiting for you favourable reply.
Good Introduction to Psychology, great video lectures and enough reading materials and links provided. 
amazing experience, great reference points  and a very good and informative as well as useful subject.
the class is full of examples and the teacher is fully expert in explaining vague things! that's great
Really helpful and knowledge. For who want to start from basic, this will provide important infos.
More interaction would be good. It also didnt really give an intro to trauma which would be good. 
In my opinion, this was a very good course to people who dont know much things about psychology
I am feeling glad to appling for this course. The course is really helpful .Thank you so much.
the course is very intresting it have  build up my personality and behaviour to a large extent
excellent presentation, I learned a lot considering I have not taken a class in about 35 years
This course helps you to understand in whatever situation you are and may tends to improve it
Great informative course, well thought, thanks,  references to literature could be improved.
I give 4 stars because it is a Psychology Course that tries to explain the Human Behavior.
Good introduction to Psychology. Great overview, a bit of everything but not very deep. 
A very engaging and satisfying course for everyone who is curious about what is mind.
This course was beneficial and interesting for me.  Thanks a lot,Samieh.Gholinezhad
Great course and serves as a good introduction to the wonderful world of Psychology
This was a great start to psychology. I wish more time was spent on clinical psych. 
Good way to learn the basics of psychology.  The course is very well put together.
This course was very informative! I was able to learn a lot from Professor Bloom.
Really good course for anyone for anyone who wants to start studying psychology.
Great content! I would prefer seeing professor live instead of animation though.
only one star less as the professor wasn't there in person. otherwise all great
Very good collection of topics for the begineers who want to learn the subject.
It is really a good platform, I learn different prospective  from this course.
Instructor was great, didn't like the animations. Found them very distracting.
Very engaging and profound. Great place to start your journey of Psychology.
The course is useful for those who are seriously concerned about psychology
it was an interesting introduction and an oveview to a very complex subject
Coursecera offers gud knowledge to students by video sessions and quiz test
Extremely insightful course on understanding human mind & human behaviour. 
Great course and it is well designed but I was looking for something else.
Love the way professor Bloom explains concepts even if theyre very quick.
It was hard to understand but I really enjoyed the topics I learned about 
Really good for Beginners. Prof Bloom please add more courses. Loved it.
VERY INTERESTING CLASS ALL THROUGH, EDUCATIVE, ENLIGHTENING, EXPLANATORY
this course is very good for Intro about psychology.I recommended it.
This course was very interesting and I had a great time following it.
I liked the information, not a fan of the animated impersonal format.
nice course i really like this course.i got an idea about psychology
It is very useful course.Every medical student learning this course.
Thanks for this chance to know more about this fascinating subject.
its optionally amazing and thish course is very usefull in my life
I felt this course intersting,and knowledeg gainingDr.Boby Johns G
Know more about the psychology, depression, happiness,like ect..
This course develops your personality and improves your mindset.
A very engaging introduction to the fundamentals of psychology.
Great Experience.  Learnt few important things for daily life.
Great videos. Good separation between ideas. Would recommend. 
An excellent course. But missed Prof. Boom physical presence.
Thank you! Enjoyed the course and had lots of new learning.
it was a great experience , i enjoyed studding this course 
A very engaging and voiceover production was outstanding.
Overall, a very good course for beginners in psychology.
Simple and direct explanation, unique video illustration
Great introductory course and references were excellent
good but kind of long and could be boring after a while
Very structured and quite easy to follow for beginners
Thank you for an interesting and "learningful" course.
keep it up ! i like the way they inform us. Thankyou.
the course is really good and very easy to understand
Broad Spectrum of Psychology well dealt and explored
provides a brief insight of the world of psychology 
Very engaging and insightful. good for foundation.
Need more week to know  better for introduction 
very good. I like the presentation on lecture.
A great use of my time during the quarantine.
best start for learning what is pyschology!!!
It is very useful to study. i really like it. 
i like developmental psychology part verymuch
Very interesting and worth the time/effort! 
 Very nice class and very interesting topics
Easy to learn.. introduction to pyschyology
relative examples make us understand better
Good beginner class with nice short videos.
Thankyou so much sir i am gratefull to you
It's very good for online learning for us 
It was a really interesting experience ..
good to help me understand the psychology
Very enthralling course but too general.
overall great. the ending is a bit week. 
I enjoyed the course, brief but helpful.
It was carried out in an excellent way!
it was amazing but i got no certificate
 Lacks depth, but gives a good overwiev
Excellent introduction to psychology.
Very good for an introductory course.
It is good to learn about Psychology 
It's awesome and most useful for me.
Good lectures, but little exercises.
Mr. Paul is a bit off not gonna lie
It was interesting course I love it 
Full theatrical, lengthy and fast.
Very well prepared presentations . 
The course was truly informative. 
THANKS AND THE COURSE IS NOT BAD
Very useful course in Psychology
A good overview courseThank you!
Nice course, really enjoyed it.
It's an very informative course
It was awesome course i like it
It was a wonderful experience!!
Could've been richer and longer
Very informative, great course!
this is a very helpful course.
Quite difficult for beginners
It was a wonderful experience 
It was  informative and good. 
Nicely delivered and precise. 
Amazing! I love psychology!!
A very interesting course.
its helpfull n i loved it
Learnt a lot! Great work.
Very interresting course. 
Very interesting course
very informative course
It was great learning.
Interesting to learn
Good  Picturization.
This is one of the highest quality online courses I have taken. The lectures were clear, well paced, and engaging. The readings complement the lectures and go into more detail with plenty of references to learn more. After taking this, I feed like I have a solid foundation in psychology that will support more advanced courses. Thank you!
This is very basic course on pshchology but I enjoy studying it for personal reason. I think many learners will take advantages of this course for whatever field of studay and work they are doing. 
Dr Bloom is a very engaging teacher! His YouTube videos and TED talks embedded in the videos are really engaging! A definite recommend for anyone interested in psychology.
I adore how 90% of material in this course is in video form and the professor is amazing! I love this course and the way it is presented and how playful but at the same time serious it is. Thank you for this oportunity to learn. 
I absolutely enjoyed taking this course! Professor Bloom did an incredible job explaining the course material and providing additional reading materials to further my knowledge throughout this course.
I've tried taking many courses on psychology, this is so clearly explained and well structured that it makes all those other courses seem ridiculous. Excellent. 
The lectures are interesting. The animation is fun and not overwhelming. The quizzes are challenging but not unreasonable.
Excellent course, challenging concepts well explained, clear and rich in detail.
The course is great and very interesting. I suggest that it would be more engaging if it is not in full animation (including the instructor). They can use animation only in their examples instead.
I enjoyed this course a lot and prof. Bloom is very easy to follow. Being that I have done my studies on psychology in another language it was very important for me to take this course in English.
Absolutely love the way the course is explained, it's very clear and very easy to imagine and picture the situations. The author speaks slowly making space for understanding the content. 
  Great introductory class covering a wide range of topics. Videos are engaging and the modules build on each other logically and are easy to follow. I appreciated being able to reset deadlines and work at my own pace. Highly recommended course for anyone with a passing interest in this field. Thanks Coursera & Professor Bloom!  
The instructor has followed a unique approach. All the videos with respect to the experiments & interviews conducted makes the course more interesting. Very satisfied with the instructor's approach and his knowledge regarding the subject.
Excellent introduction to the course. The lectures are delivered in a very clear, engaging way. I loved the readings (Noba) and the animations in the lecture videos were very well done.
Prof. Blum presented the material in a unique, interesting way.  I would highly recommend this course to anyone who would like to gain some insight into our daily actions and reactions.  And who would not want to know more about why we do the things we do.  This course was something I looked forward to completing from the moment I started it.I have learned so much, and would love to have a follow up course on what we learned.Thank you so much Prof. Blum for this most interesting course.  I feel very privileged to have been able to participate.
Very education and highly engaging. The unique animated lecture style was an absolute pleasure to watch, encouraging me to work far ahead of schedule just so I could keep on watching. Concepts were easy to understand and very well explained, paired with numerous examples and case studies that deepened my understanding of the material. All that, paired with the absolutely marvelous lecture style of the professor, meant that this was hands-down one of my favourite courses on the site.
Lovely course if you want an overview of the field.
This course has provided me a thorough basic understanding of psychology, packaged in an engaging and user-friendly manners in terms of topics and their presentations. The layout of the course is very well put and motivating. Excellent references and very nice lecture-like videos. Professor Bloom and his team are exceptional. 
This course is very insightful and I have learned quite a lot. My favourite area though is Clinical Psychology and Positive Psychology. I believe I will be better able to understand persons around me.
This was my second course using this site, and with Professor Bloom, and once again it was great. I've genuinely learnt a lot, and I've found a new love for psychology I never would have found before.
Was very useful and insightful.  Being an educator, t allowed to delve into various aspects which allows to understand differences i children .and underlying reasons.Thanks for wonderful experience
Professor Bloom has quite engaging style of teaching and the animations in this course provided nice visual reference.Overall, it's a nice course if you want to learn basic introduction of psychology.
This course was really very interesting and the way by which  lectures was delivered it too awesome. It was easy to understand and feel connectivity to the Professor.Thank you Sir and Coursera.
"

Introduction to Psychology is a journey through all of the major psychological concepts and principles. The knowledge gained from this course will allow students to critically evaluate psychological research and have a more in-depth understanding of human thought and behavior.

Psychology is the study of the mind and behavior, according to the American Psychological Association. It is the study of the mind, how it works, and how it affects behavior. ... Psychologists and psychiatrists work together to help people with mental health conditions, but they are not quite the same 
Psychology majors
 develop a broad understanding of human behavior as well as the skills 
to understand and interpret research findings concerning human behavior.
 The psychology curriculum includes courses in cognitive, developmental, behavioral and neural studies, learning, personality, social and clinical psychology.


So as you have learned, the four primary goals of psychology are to describe, explain, predict, and change behavior


Intro Psych will always be a hard
 course because the material is complex and broad, but it may be even 
more difficult for you because you may lack background and experience to
 tie all this new material to, and because your academic skills may be 
less-than-perfect.


The three branches are: 1) the basic science of psychology,
 whose proper subject matter is mental behavior which translates into 
the behavior of the animal as a whole and includes thinking and feeling 
as well as acting; 2) human psychology, whose proper subject matter is human behavior at the individual level and


Psychology is the
 study of the mind, its thought, feeling and behaviour. It is an 
academic discipline which involves the scientific study of mental 
faculties, functions and behaviours. ... Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior.


So, yes, it is possible to learn anything. ... The core of it would be your own passion towards psychology - if you are determined to learn, no one and nothing will stop you from reading materials and educating yourself. You can go on any college website and get a list of books/textbooks for courses and read them yourself.


Psychology is very important
 especially because it deals with the study of the mental processes and 
behaviour at the same time. It is also applied in our daily lives and in
 many things. ... Psychology is also used to better understand and help those with pervasive developmental disorders such as autism.


The five major perspectives in psychology
 are biological, psychodynamic, behavioral, cognitive and humanistic. 
Each perspective provides its own view on the roots of why you do what 
you do.


The four main goals of psychology are to describe, explain, predict and control the behaviour and mental processes of others. Describe. Psychology aims to understand the behaviour of others and gather information about the way the brain works in order to better serve humanity.


Define Psychology in your own words. Psychology
 is the study of the human brain and the scientific factors that follow 
it such as the behaviors one has. ... It changed from the study of the 
soul to the study of the mind and the brain.

The Different Types of Psychologists and How Do They Help You    Biopsychologist.    Clinical Psychologists.    Cognitive Psychologists.    Consumer psychologists.    Counseling Psychologists.    Cross-Cultural Psychologists.    Educational Psychologists.Getting feedback on an assignment is an important part of the learning experience. But sometimes it can be hard to know how to interpret feedback, especially if the comments arent what you expected, or if youre unsure what they mean.Its important not to take feedback as personal criticism. Lecturers mark thousands of assignments, and their end goal is not to point out your mistakes, but to suggest ways to improve your writing. Keep an open mind  at the end of the day, your teachers want to see you getting the best marks you can.In fact, feedback is the ticket to academic success, so think of it as an opportunity, not an obstacle. Here are some tips for reviewing the feedback you receive and using this knowledge to improve your assignment writing. 1. Interpret the feedbackFirst, try to determine exactly what the marker is commenting on. Is it the expectations set out in the unit learning outcomes and assignment marking rubric?Or, maybe its the structure of your writing or the language you have used?Maybe you need to pay attention to your use of sources, including the way you have referenced them?If you are unclear about the feedback that you received, make sure you speak to your unit chair, lecturer or tutor to clarify  in class, on the unit discussion forum or via email.2. Analyse and apply what you have learntThen, identify specific areas that you need to address for your next assignment.How can I improve my sentence structure?Am I showing adequate evidence? Enough analysis?Am I making my paper easily digestible for my reader?Am I providing too much or too little information?Keep a log of the comments you receive for various assignments  are there common issues that you need to address in your writing? And dont forget to note any positive comments made by your marker: its useful to know your own strengths and build upon them.3. Talk it out and ask questionsIt really helps to discuss your feedback with someone else  it could be a classmate or a friend. The Study Support team can also help you do this. We have Writing Mentors and Language and Learning Advisors who can help you to interpret and review your feedback. 4. Utilise resources to improve your skillsBetter planning for your next assignment will help provide a better result. Theres an Academic Skills guide for almost every aspect of your university assignments, from integrating sources to proofreading to note taking. And, one of the most important things to do when you begin your next assignment is to read the assignment brief carefully to understand what is being asked of you. As one lecturer says, when marking, we ask ourselves: did the student fulfil the task, and how? If not, what was missing from their assignment? You should ask yourself the same questions when writing your assignment."
I am a teaching student. I am in the last cycle at the National University of Education of Ecuador. I want to thank the wonderful opportunity for accessing this introductory psychology course. This learning helped me strengthen my teaching skills. Now I am aware of the different behaviors of people. Indeed, I will be able to be more accurate in planning for my students. The course reflects the best way to teach psychology. It has innovative elements such as: videos with animated sketches that make learning more satisfying. I want to thank Professor Bloom for his ability to process the information and transmit it. Thank you very much Yale University.
Great course, Prof. Bloom is very engaging and interesting. The videos and readings are comprehensive.  The readings are challenging - they take way longer than the 10 minutes allocated: most take between 45minutes and 1 hour to read and take notes from.  Week 5 had 9 readings so consider your other commitments carefully.  I really enjoyed the course and learned lots from it. Thank you.
The course was helpful in gaining the foundation of psychology. It was clearly structured so that a person with any background can understand it. Thanks for helping me to gain knowledge on psychology.
This was a brilliant course , and would definitely recommend it to my friends and colleagues who wish to pursue a course on psychology  professor Bloom's lectures were very informative and detailed.
"My deepest gratitude to Professor Bloom for all the intelligence, knowledges, inspirations to learn more and tremendous efforts Professor Bloom put in this incredible course!There are so many insights and knowledges that are fascinating! 
I loved the structure of the course, the wide diversity of themes. 
I never got bored even for a second, it was all so captivating, wise, well-informed, creative, bright and interesting. 
I enjoyed the animation format so much, how beautiful and professionally this course is made. 
One of my favorite part were the assignments, they are for sure one of the most intellegent assignments I have ever seen.It's not just some randomly picked questions, but something that is well-considered, something that really make you think. It was so exciting to answer them.If all the courses would be like this one course, honestly, I would never stop studying!)I am very happy that I took this absolutely astonishing, perfectly-made course!
"
I had previously enrolled in a few other courses of interest and quickly became bored or uninterested in completing those enrolled, until now.  Psychology has always interested me and this course reaffirmed my interest.  Professor Bloom's presentation kept my interest throughout the course and motivated me to work on it every day to see what's next.  The subjects in the field of Psychology presented in this course related so much to what we as humans encounter daily - I would highly recommend this course to any one individual across all professions as we all need a general understanding of ourselves and to understand others in our lives...
I have been doing online courses on various topics for years, but never came across one that is as interesting as this Intro course. It can be argued that as this is very basic psychology course, the non extensive lectures in various topics are bound to be interesting, which is true, but also apart from that, the professor is great, and the links to outside readings and the layout is also very thoughtful and designed to catch attention perfectly. What a great course!
This is my first time to study Psychology and I did so in part to support my change of career from senior executive to a Mentor and Coach.  I felt that a base understanding of psychology would be helpful in my new field of study, and that feels true now I have completed the program.  The structure content and pace of the program is logical and flexible and it builds on knowledge module by module without overwhelming you.  
Thank you so much for all the detailed information, resources, additional content and links for further studing provided within the course - Introduction to Psychology. I thoroughly enjoyed how it challenged me, and my mind to learn and understand more about Psychology and the foundations in this course.  I am so looking forward to furthering my studies and refining the areas of Psychology. Thank you and God Bless
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and could not recommend it more. Paul Bloom is an exceptional teacher. His lectures were well paced and engaging. He has a lovely and relatable way of explaining complex information that is easy to understand. The animation was a great touch as well and helped immensely in keeping my attention. A wonderful introduction to the topic. So much fun!
This was a very enriching and rewarding course for me. It has piqued my interest to learn more about Psychology in many ways. The course itself was definitely visually entertaining, informative, and never fails to surprise me with facts and stats. I thoroughly enjoyed the lectures and kudos to Prof Bloom's superb personality and his great sense of humor!
I am extremely glad to receive this  opportunity to pursue a course in psychology from your esteemed university. This course has provided me with such a learning experience that is difficult to express in words. Well explained and well conducted lectures were beyond expectation,,,, Thank you very much for providing so much insight ,,,
Excellent course!! Extremly informative and brought about a new perspective to self. I'm mother to a 4 year old and now I know why he does what he does. And the course is just not limited to kids. It's given me a wide perspective on the everything!! Thanks to Prof. Bloom for being an awesome teacher!
Excellent by all means!Professor Bloom was absolutely amazing, providing significant knowledge, in a pleasant and yet totally scientific way, expanding our prior knowledge in the field of Psychology. I recommend this course to everyone that wants to have a valid insight into the human mind and soul.
I loved every aspect of this course. The animated lectures reduced distractions and were captivating throughout. The amount of information in the course never felt overwhelming, even though there are a lot of materials. I found the assessments fair, and the extra materials (articles) really helpful
Introduction to Psychology was my online course, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Prof. Bloom's calm and soothing voiceover and the incredible accompanying animation in each lesson was great. I couldn't complete it on time, and took much longer than anticipated, but that's on me, not the course. 
Engaging and inspiring. Highly recommended.  Learned a considerable amount of information in a short period of time. Definitely gave me the inspiration to look further into the study of psychology. Amazing course. Thank you, Dr. Bloom! You rock. 
Great course, really engaging and well-structured. The material provided in the lessons is sufficient for developing a general understanding of the themes explored, which can be deepened quite easily with the additional readings.
This course is knowledgeable and entertaining all in one. It was one of the best courses so far. I enjoyed the lectures , readings and additional insight from the Professor and his  knowledge of Psychology.
Professor Bloom is an amazing instructor. The transition to online classes was made enjoyable due to rich animations and his concise lectures. Week 5 and 6 were particularly useful and memorable. Thank you!
Quite enganging, educational and variety of opinions from the availed links. As a minister I am now better equipped to understand the functioning and the events and effects of my congregants life events.
This was such an incredible course this Professor made it very interactive and insightful and easy to follow and did not let his ego get in the way of teaching like other professors from ivy leagues.
Very good course to provide foundational knowledge to anyone who wants to refresh on Psychology (such as myself) or those curious to be exposed to the field before digging deeper in another area.
A wonderful starting point for anyone who`s interested in psychology for everyday life or further education. The professor is engaging and offers different perspectives on each topic. 
Professor Bloom was great explaining every detail of this course. I got engaged with how this was explained. I look forward to more course videos with Professor Bloom on it. 
Amazing course if you want a starting point for Psychology, Touches almost every topic ! Thanks a lot professor .. The videos were really cool :)
I learned a lot and gained a lot from this amazing course! Thanks to Professor Bloom who provided me with this Introduction to Psychology! 
I was extremely happy about taking an finishing this course! It provided great insights and knowledge on human psychology.
Very educational and interesting! I recommend it to everybody because it gives you great basic knowledge of psychology.
This course got me thinking about life in general and brought into context, what has been. I will rate it a 5-star
Engaging and inclusive of all the basics. Simplified in the best manner for newcomers in the field of psychology.
Very much enjoyed. Learned a lot. I think a good foundation for psychology. Great teacher with awesome accent. 
For beginners like me , who want to have some knowledge in this field, this course is perfect to start with.
The professor was well versed on all topics covered. The materials covered was very interesting.
Well organized and presented in an engaging, interesting manner. Would recommend.
Excellent course. Engaging and detailed and covered everything I hoped to learn.
Really enjoyed taking this course and learned some very interesting things 
Brilliant. Really enjoyed the content, the delivery and the platform.
Thank You. it was a feel good course learning about human nature.
Very good course if you want to know the overview of psychology.
really very meaningful course, it help me to reduce my stress.
A good starting point to psychological understanding!
Thank you, it was a pleasure learning in your class. 
A must for people interested in psychology 
Loved this! Thanks for the great course! 
Enjoyed learning about the human mind.
The most awesome course ever
special thanks to Mr. Bloom 
Introduction of psychology
Excellent course material
This is the best and one of the most useful courses I have ever attended. I have learnt so much and this course gives a fantastic overview of the subject of psychology. I took this course because I have always been interested in the way people think and curious about the motivations for their behaviours. But more importantly, i wanted to understand my kids more, and help them in their pursuits in life, if I could. Some of the biggest challenges are in the areas of understanding their motivations and capabilities, and one current challenge is in memory retention for their studies. This course gave me a good overview on that, from encoding and methods of encoding information and how failures of memory can occur. But the sum of all the other parts, in understanding their personalities and perceptions are also important, because their ability to learn and retain information and translate them to knowledge also depends on how they think and where and why they are having challenges. I am reviewing the materials again and again because each time I learn something more than my initial reading. Prof Bloom has managed to condense the breadth and scope of a very complex and wide subject into a highly informational course. I am very grateful for these materials, to have an expert summarize the critical areas of learning to be further explored, if desired. The world is made better by generous contributions as these, for those who wish to understand oneself and others a little more, there is no parallel as starting point.I also found the animations cute as helpful mnemonics, well done to the animator! And to the Prof who understood that some of us especially an auditory and visual learner like myself need these to help make the points more distinctive and interesting. Lastly the last chapter on The Good Life, Subjective Well-Being, so needed to tie everything together, for we are a species who can not only intelligently process the causes and effects of our condition, but to also by our actions and design enrich ourselves and others if we so wish. Thank you Prof Bloom and Coursera, and Ms Julia Veldman the visual storyteller.
I started this course merely to see if Psychology is a field that interests me. Due to some circumstances, I never had the opportunity to study any part of psychology in high school so I wanted to see where my interest stands to pursue higher education in psychology or even neuroscience. I recommend this course to all the people who are in the same position that I was or who are interested in building a good foundation to their knowledge on psychology. I found this course to be so interesting that I completed it in 6 days rather than the average time of completion being 6 weeks. Maybe a smarter idea would've been to have gone through this course gradually as it's meant to be completed in 6 weeks but the fact is that I became so interested that participation in this course seemed not only educational but fun too. Until 6 days ago I was unsure of what I want to major in college but now I think I can say I know the field I want to study for the upcoming 4 years as I had so much fun studying it. This course was very helpful and efficiently educational. The methods that were used were engaging and always left you wanting to research even more on the topics discussed. While taking this course I found out that many questions in psychology are unanswered. There are a lot of theories left to be proven. The good thing is that upon completing the course I feel motivated to do my own research and find possible answers to those questions. Whether I do find accurate answers is not nearly as important as the point that I have an interest to research those theories. To sum it up this course left me feeling inspired to further my knowledge on psychology.
This was my first Coursera course and I have to say, that I am fairly impressed! The course wasn't too difficult to understand and Professor Bloom was always asking deeply thought questions which required his audience to think a lot more about their own behaviors.  Throughout this course I myself was able to come to my own hypotheses and theories as to why I and others act a certain way and I'm ready to ask even more questions after doing this course. I'm not an Ivy league student by any means, (I'm in high school.) but I really do think that this course is well fitted for most people. Professor Bloom provides much visual representation throughout his videos. (He's a cartoon.) and speaks at a rate that's not too fast or too slow. (Plus subtitles help.) He further provides articles that are very reliable and relevant to what he's teaching and quizzes that can be redone easily if the student answers a few questions wrong. (or a lot.) I think it would be really interesting if Professor Bloom added courses that a person could do after Intro. to Psychology that were more focused on the specific subcategories of psychology, rather than psychology as a whole itself. For example, a whole class on developmental psychology, personality psychology, criminal psychology, and much more. Overall, I would recommend this course to anyone who just wants to understand people a little bit better. I give this course a 5/5.
Dear Prof BloomI had 2 Psych courses as an undergrad, but it had all turned rather hazy in time, which is why I enrolled. Now, I'm relishing the course, and definitely taking all the time I need to LEARN it. I'm constantly behind schedule, but that's because I want to make the best of it, and I have other obligations as well. The second module gave me great insight into language teaching; I already had some knowledge of Skinner, Piaget and Chomsky, but it was superficial. Do I need it to teach English? Maybe not everyone, but I do. I need to see the foundation of the building in order to feel safe manipulating the top floor. I'm in the third part now, and the information I got from your talk as well as the appended articles about attention (esp. inattentional blindness) is going straight into a PP presentation I'm making about why my students shouldn't be checking Instagram while we're doing grammar (with proper referencing, of course). I've talked about it over the years, but with the proper references I'm hoping it'll be more effective.So thank you already, although I might be writing a second review when I actually finish the course.Yesim Erdogru
Great for people that are curious towards the various areas of psychology but never studied it in the academy. It is a general overlook of it all. I like to read specialized books of the field and I wish I had taken this course 10 years ago, before those studies. I absolutely adored it and am craving a second part of the course. The Professor provides some pretty awesome extra material for the extra curious people. I have a very nonsense academic history, an associates in Physics, Bachelor in Music and now I was just accepted for a Masters in Psychology, this course laid down a pretty nice bed for what is to come, it pointed out four books (many more, I bought four of them) that added a great amount of knowledge to myself and that I am sure I will use throughout grad school. If you are a curious interested person yourself, do yourself a favor and buy "The Principles Of Psychology" by William James. If you take the course and use the book for consultation you will make the absolute best of it! Have a nice journey! 
"This was one of the most amazing courses I took. During the pandemic, I really missed the opportunity to learn something new, gain knowledge, and also regretted that I could not begin to study psychology as early as I wanted. And this course turned out to be magnificent in everything - the lectures of Professor Blossom were extremely interesting, entertaining, vivid in their examples from life, jokes, experiments, and much more. Do not forget about the amazing component of the course itself, it's visual part, and tasks that helped to consolidate knowledge. I was glad every minute that I could study on this course, was glad of the opportunity to be involved in the educational process, and found it extremely exciting and informative.
I highly recommend taking this course, as it perfectly expands our knowledge of psychology, not only as a science that deals with mental diseases but also with science that studies how we know the world and how we perceive it."
Instructor Paul Bloom is extremely engaging. The way he presents information is extremely simple, clear, but informative, and his voice is easy and pleasant to listen to, I was pleasantly surprised by the animations in the video and all the text in the slides provided. It was very organised and helped in my learning tremendously. Although this is one of the very few courses I have taken, it is the best one I have taken in terms of educational value and how interesting it is. For someone who was just auditing the course i.e. watching the videos & reading readings, not participating in discussion forums and more challenging assignments, the assignments provided were very suitable as they were pretty short but long enough to help me revise what I had learned, and having the readings at hand was something I appreciated. Would recommend to anyone interested in learning the very basics of psychology, just like me before this course. :)
I believe for those who learn better understanding the abstract way, rather than by learning the definitions, this is a wonderful course. Professor Bloom does a great job explaining/ making sense of psychology by using real-life situations. It is also pleasant that terminologies (accurate to the topics ) can be found in the readings to further enhance your understanding. Also, for international students, with English being their second/third language, like my case, it is quite comprehensive. The lectures use images and bullet points as support.Also, as a side note: this course is free and I attended pricey psychology classes previously (in the same length of 6 weeks. I think that the quality of this course is at the equilibrium, or even better than other psychology courses.Thank you for your efforts, Mr. Bloom, to provide this course!
It was my first time doing online course. I loved everything about the course, when professor bloom was teaching it felt like I was sitting in the class. I would tell my kids that I am the one sitting with back pony tails. The course was an eye opener, for a lot of things. In my family I have 2 people that psychotic disorder - schizophrenia. I learn a lot and it will be so easy to understand more of what is happening with them. They explanation of the subjects was made simply. I also enjoy the subject about happiness.  I am happy that I started the course and finish because it has been my dream to learn something about the mind and human behavior. I love it......I love it. THANK YOU PROFESSOR BLOOM YOU ARE DOING A GREAT JOB, KEEP IT UP. in my venda which is my home language. NDO LIVHUWA ....Angie from South African --Pretoria 
Since long I was curious about questions like why do we have the thoughts that we do? What makes us good and bad? Why can't we battle our intuitions and cravings???All these questions and much further detailed knowledge has been imparted to me from this course. I have learned about the various fields in psychology and that too with fun! The interactive method of teaching, engaging videos, detailed course material - which doesn't just give data, but also explains the biological, evolutionary reasons behind them!It has opened an entirely new direction for me and has made me confident over my decisions in daily life. I am now even further motivated to learn psychology in deeper aspect after this course.Thank you Professor Bloom, Thank you Yale University and Thank You So So much Coursera!!!
I am not a college student, nor am I a graduate. I've never been to college on such an academic level, but I can say with sincerity I thoroughly enjoyed this course and might even re-take it to bolster the fantastic knowledge Paul Bloom has shared with us. Since quarantining for COVID-19, I've discovered an interest in Psychology, and ever since I have been exploring possible higher education. I'd love to work towards a Master's. I am apprehensive to enroll, but this course has given me some courage that I can be capable of learning more about psychology. I really did enjoy it, and sad that it has concluded. However, I cannot wait to learn more and explore the subjects we covered in further detail. Thank you, Professor Bloom!
This is probably the best online course I have ever taken, on any platform, on any subject! Mr. Bloom is an excellent instructor. He created a very well organized structure that leaves no question marks behind as you go through the lessons, and every information he gives is crucial for the following stages of the course. I am glad I have taken this course, and even though I am into the field of psychology a lot, I strongly believe that anyone in the world, even if they have absolutely zero background in psychology would find this course pretty darn cool. He does not only make you learn some things, but he also makes you love psychology a lot more. This course is definitely worth all the hours you are going to put in!
This course is an absolute masterpiece. I am simply giddy with delight from having studied it and now feel I have gained a good foundation on which I can continue my pursuit of learning more about psychology. Essentially, I have been interested in the subject for many years, yet until the coronavirus pandemic and the invention of MOOCs, I never seemed to have the opportunity to get started. I've read a lot of books about psychology, but this short course has put everything together in a way which has left me feeling on the one hand, a great grounding in the subject, on the other, a long road of study ahead of me ... so without further ado, I'd best get started. Thank you to everyone who made this course possible.
Excellent course and highly recommended to people from all walks of life. This course gives a general overview of psychology but it does scratch the surface enough to make me want to learn more. The instructor, Dr.Bloom has an exceptional ability to explain complex concept in a simplified manner. And while learning I could not help but observe the application to everything around me from child development to wars. Initially I didn't understand the need for the aminated-version but as I took the course, I realized  that the visual representation of concepts really aided comprehension. I guess that too has been psychologically-tested. Overall, one of the best coursera has to offer!
From blank slate to "something valuable" in psychology, after much procrastination and struggling. Personally speaking, this course is not merely a learning exercise, rather, it was a kind of conditioning.  This course opens its doors to numerous worlds. It was exciting to know about the works of great philosophers and psychologists, listen to crazy ideas, fabulous concepts - initially they all sounded weird to me, but the more I started thinking about them, the more deeper they were. And, last but not the least, this professor is awesome! I would love to take another session with Professor Bloom. I love his style, and voice modulation techniques. Classy experience! 
This was an interesting and worthwhile course for anyone who wants an easy-to-understand, basic overview on the subjects included under the umbrella of psychology. I found the lecturer to be knowledgeable and interesting and the lectures were presented well. I learnt some things I didn't know about psychology before such as how memory works and how different types of mental disorders manifest and the different methods of treating mental disorders. The course covers the history of psychology, child development & language, memory & cognition, the evolution of emotion, variations in personality & intelligence between individuals, mental illness and finally happiness. 
Professor Bloom was so engaging not because he looked like a cartoon for the most part but he made the content easily digestible to everyone.   There are times I would run two weeks worth of lecture in one sitting because I cant wait for the next.   Very good format and I learned quite a lot.  In terms of whats next?  It made it easier for me to decide to take up masters in psychology ( I dont know when though).  I started this course pre Covid19 and ending it still during lockdown in the Philippines.  As mentioned during the last part of the course, happiness is relative.  Im very happy to complete this course regardless of our situation,  Keep it up and thanks!
Being a medical student, knowing that I'll have to deal with all sorts of patients in the future, made me realize that I'll need more than medical skills in order to succeed in my domain and provide the best healthcare experience t my patients. I was lucky enough to find this course by Professor Paul Bloom. Personally, I think this is the most complete course to introduce you to psychology. Pr. Bloom gave an overall view on psychology that will help you, by the end of the course, to talk about so many subjects you weren't aware of before. Huge thanks to Pr.Bloom, Yale university and Coursera for providing this amazing experience and journey. 
"I am someone very found in psychology by never had the chance to study it as a complete, standalone, concrete course, so when I discovered it was offered by the University of Yale, I jumped on the opportunity as if it was the last hazelnut on planet Earth & the course delivered a wealth of information accompanied with real-life experiments done by psychologists throughout history, which further alleviated the drive within me all the more to dive even more in-depth into the world of psychology more profoundly, more articulately & more professionally.
Thank you University of Yale, thank you Prof. Dr. Paul.
Sincerely,
Emmanuel Ghali (Mano)."
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. I have an engineering backgound but am very interested in this topic. I would have definitely taken IntroPsych  if I was offered it in school.I have followed Professor Bloom's Introduction to Psychology (PSYC 110) on youtube. So when I saw there was a course on Coursera, I wanted to take it.Though the topics were familiar, I did not find the content repetitive from his earlier lectures.I do have to say I would have preferred a video format of watching the professor speak instead of distracting animations as he has a passion for the subject and there is Transference. :DVery well designed course.
"Prof. Paul Bloom has Good voice tone , He goes with Good flow and medium speed as Psychology requires us to think in that particular concept""until if we are not thanking the concerned person it doesn't mean that we thanked the Almighty Allah"" which is said by Prophet Muhammadh (sal).So I sincerely thank My Teacher Prof. Paul Bloom, Yale University, Coursera Officials ,My management and all other related persons for giving me an opportunity to undergo this course in an easier way.

Zasaakallahu Hairah(Let God gives u the best) I Pray to the Almighty Allah to  all the related persons from top to bottom to get success in both the world."
For me that coming from non social/psychology background this course is pretty comprehensive very well taught. Personally I have an interest in psyschology and after this course I wish that I can use what have been thought in this course in my professional and personal living. Thank you so much, Professor Paul! A bit of shame that the time required for readings is not accurate and takes me much more than the mere 10 minutes indicated each week. I wish that in the future another languange subtitle is added, adjusting with the most participant, I found some difficulties with the languange because I'm not from english speaking country.
I have enjoyed the fact that we as learners are not just looking at a Keynote presentation. There is an animated Professor Bloom, and other animated people or objects when he elaborates certain topics with examples, which are quite captivating in terms of attention, along with the videos shown during the lectures. In addition, I believe that the topics presented are on point, and not drawn out. I also enjoy the opportunity for a learner to have access to the reading material regarding the topics discussed, at the end of each lecture. Overall, I would recommend the course to everyone else who are interested in psychology like myself.
This course provided me with all what I wanted to know about the general knowledge on Psychology. The content are well organized and professionally presented both in video and reading articles. I appreciate the opportunity to learn this course on Coursera and get access to the very distinguished ideas from the professor(s) from Yale University and other univeristies and research centers. In general, it worth all my efforts and time to take this course. My completion of the course in turn makes me more confident and inspires me to learn more about the subject and encourages me to keep learning in the future. Thank you very much. 
I have always liked to think like a psychologist or much like a philosopher; getting deep into thoughts and finding the root cause of the emotions. But most of the times everything I could analyse was just intuitive and I couldn't name them or explain them in words. This course is just rightly designed that it has helped me to decode my thoughts into more expressable forms of language. I have always been a psychologist but only for myself (just kidding). And of course, it's a well designed course with interactive lectures. It will really make you want to keep learning more and more. TBH, I have completed this course in 4 days.
The course was great. Reading the suggested text between modules helped it to stick in my mind.Observations, which I hope are helpful:a. The drop down figures during videos sometimes obscured text, especially if you save them as Notes.b. Saving Notes on Videos was extremely helpful but you never know when the particular screen-shot will end..tricky. My suggestion would be to have a Slider under each Video so you know when it contains all the Text and you can save it as a Note.The Professor was great and with a marvelously calming voice, which is very helpful bearing in mind some of the delicate Topics that are covered.
This course was my first course on Coursera and I really learnt a lot from this. It was a new experience to me because at first I was surprised to see professor Bloom was not in the lecture for real and it didn't take a long time to me to get used to the graphics and I think graphics made  the lecture series more interesting.  At  the beginning I read most of the reviews to get an idea about the course and there were both positive and negative ones. It is okay to read them but never depend on someone's review. Instead trust yourself and study well. Thank you Professor Bloom, Couesrea and COL for this opportunity. 
I really enjoyed this course.  It provided me with a great base for psychology.  I feel as though I will be very prepared for taking any psychology course in college.  I loved learning about the parts of the brain and the ways they affect psychological disorders.  Dr. Bloom did a wonderful job explaining the many concepts of this course, and I would definitely encourage those who are interested in pursuing a career in psychology to take this course.  It was efficient in teaching important topics in psychology, and it was very easy to navigate the course and refer back to past videos and quizzes!~ Kelsey Crawford
This course is quite comprehensive and interesting introduction to Psychology. Perhaps Psychology majors can validate it better, but personally I found this course covering more areas as compared to any other Psych 101 courses out there. Teaching style of the instructor is quite conducive, light-hearted & fun. One thing I liked the most is he isn't afraid to present his honest personal opinions in debatable issues thus providing a personal touch & open nature to the course. Only caveats I found were that some areas seemed rushed through and the animation/sound effects sometimes become unnecessarily unsettling.  
One of the best courses I have taken on Coursera. I'm completely new to psychology, and find the course material very interesting. I love the way that the videos were made (so that there is actually visual context instead of just me sitting in front of the screen and staring at the professor's face). The course was briliantly designed to cover many important topics in psychology, albeit not to a considerable depth. It's ideal for people who're looking to get a general idea of what psychology is all about. The professor also teaches in a very engaging manner, using captivating examples throughout the course.
I enjoyed this course very much. I haven't studied like this in years after college, and it gave me such satisfaction to learn something new. Although we learn via an online platform, I felt the kindness of the professor and it felt like he was always there to encourage me. The course is well organized and thought-through. I loved how I could take it at my own pace. I am not an English speaker, so it helped me that I could have subtitles and lectures that I could watch and listen to again and again. I am looking forward to applying what I've learned in this course to my life and work. Thank you! 
First of all thank you Prof Bloom, for this course and taking us three the vast field off psychology. I had earlier done two coursera online courses pertaining to psychology (social psychology and psychology at the work place). This course laid the foundation of the frame of Psychology. I have learnt a lot and also learnt there is so much to discover and as we discover more am sure we would learn that we may have ways to unleash our potential be able to contribute to not only being a better person but subtly influence immediate environment and adding to better life and living...Thank you again!
Very interesting and rich subject,  educative and intellectual. I believe every one of us needs to study it and apply these different psychoanalysis information in the course to their daily lives, whether at home, or with colleagues at work. The course will enrich our knowledge and  awareness when we communicate with our children, friends and neighbors and fellow colleagues at work.  The subject made me question myself about where prejudice and racism in some counties, as well as, believes and habits we adopt and demonstrate at times without questioning ourselves how it could affect others.
This Introduction to Psychology has been one of the most accurate and fastest courses I have ever been in touch with. I found many topics which I consider to be the basis of psychology, and which I would have like to study at school, as they are pretty easy to understand. For those like me, who are from non-English speaking countries, will probably find a little bit challenging to understand this professor, as he speaks fast and plossive sounds are not so clear (proper of American English). I strongly suggest people to take some of their time to do this course because it totally worths it.
I have been out of school of any sort for over 30 years and had concerns about my ability to keep up. I picked a class where I had an interest in the subject matter and dived in. The class was absolutely fantastic! Interesting, informative, comprehensive. I had some initial reservations about the animation (as opposed to just seeing the prof in a classroom setting) but I think it added tremendously. Kept the seminars entertaining and the pace steady. Highly recommend this class. If I have any complaint its that the certificate could be more attractive since its going on my pegboard! 
It was my 14-year old son who took this course using my account. Psychology is one of the degrees that he is interested in pursuing when he goes to university. Thank you for making Introduction to Psychology available. My son said that he enjoyed the course and that it has increased his interest in this field. Proof of that is that he would talk about what he learned over lunch or dinner with the rest of the family resulting in lively discussions about subjects as diverse as racism and happiness.  Again, thank you for feeding a thirsty young mind and making online learning enjoyable.    
The course is so comprehensive it has nothing to envy to other undergraduate courses in the field, and it is definitely worth purchasing the certificate whether you're just curious or you're pursuing further studies in psychology. The lectures cover difficult core areas of psychology such as cognition without dumbing down the contents --something professor Bloom does like no other-- and the Noba readings have been such an incredible discovery; wonderful, undergraduate level, and above all, free material. All in all, a fully insightful experience. Thank you very much indeed.
I felt the course was really engaging and well thought out. I felt like i was actually in a virtual classroom having Professor Bloom speak to me directly. It gave me a good insight into the world of psychology and although i don't plan on pursuing this as a career its giving me a good foundation of knowledge i can use in my life. Lectures were very informative and suited a range of learning styles with illustrations and external video clips throughout the lectures. I would have liked more questions at the end of each topic but overall i was really happy with this course.
This is a first time for me doing an online course and I have alot of health issues and low attention span  but with this course I'm proud to say I passed! Thank you for such a rewarding experience, your videos were short enough and engaging with the animations to keep my attention. There were alot of relevant resources that were also very informative that enhanced the reading knowledge. With the way this course was set up it was fairly easy for me to get through and understand and I will be continuing on with other courses. Thanks for the self-esteem boost I so needed!
It is one of the best online course I've completed so far! I really liked the way how Prof. Bloom introduced the complex topics in a way that made them look very easy. This also allowed me to comprehend the topics more easily and encouraged me to pursue more readings in the topics. Throughout the course, I kept sharing with my friends the interesting and somehow surprising findings I learnt in this course. I really enjoyed my time and can definitely recommend this course for those who are new to Psychology and want to take their first steps into this field of science.
I am 57 y/o. Single/divorced mom of three professionals, whom graduated with no student loans.  After graduating from HS I took an executive secretarial course (1982) and a cosmetology school 1999. Never took a college class. Always thought I didnt have the time or was not smart enough. I developed an interest in psychology and human behavior from my own desires to prosper, suppressed cultural and/or family beliefs and feelings , fears and relationships. I am very grateful to Yale University and of course Professor Bloom!  I am super happy I completed this course!!
I enrolled in this course after watching Prof. Bloom's class videos on youtube, and I must say I am not disappointed. This course provides a solid introduction on Psychology, for those who are simply interested in the topic and also for those considering to pursue further studies on the field. Video lectures are fresh and engaging, and Prof. Bloom's enthusiasm is contagious. Further readings are provided in case you'd like to go deeper into the topics (like me!). Thank you very much for offering this course, I hope someday we can have part 2 for advanced learners!
Great course for getting a clear, broad understanding of various topics of psychology. Helped me to better understand the various areas of psychology, history and development of psychology, and theories and practices of treatment in the field, as well as areas that are still being studied and not fully  understood. The lectures were interesting, and the videos broken into several shorter segments, making it easier to get through them. The readings were simple and easy to read, yet very informative, much easier to get through than a typical school textbook.
Professor Bloom continually provides you with pertinent questions to keep in mind as you work through this course. I found the lectures extremely interesting although being an introductory course I craved a little more depth in some topics which were merely touched on. Some of the readings were rather repetitive and could be tedious to get through, but the use of ted talks and other materials were outstanding. Would definitely recommend to someone look for some broad strokes and to figure out what specific parts of psychology real appeal to you personally. 
I found this course to be highly educational and useful for anyone who is interested in the field of psychology, such as myself. The entirety of the course provided very detailed information and resources for a large variety of topics, all of which were presented in an interesting way. Although Professor Blooms voice was a bit bland, the good points heavily outweigh the bad. All in all, I would absolutely recommend this course to anyone interested in the field of psychology, and I believe that it deserved every one of the 5 stars that I rated it.
This course was very easy to follow along with.  I treated it like my previous on campus courses and took many notes and was able to do well.  I recommend this course and will say I would definitely take notes just to have to reflect on later on.  I learned some new things and refreshed others from previous courses I have taken prior.  The visuals and captions are helpful in most cases.  All around just a great course if you want to start in psychology, refresh some previous knowledge, or just need a psychology course for what you are studying.
"Professor Bloom is just great! It has been a sheer delight and honor taking this course. Increased my interest in Psychology by leaps and bounds.

Thank you very much Professor Bloom for your precious time and insights. 
It has been a thorough delight and enlightening coursework. I enjoyed the course so much that I wish and hope that I could work with Professor Bloom on some project, some day, hopefully.

Thanks & Regards,

Meeta Arora
India.
(aromeeta@gmail.com)Thank you Course Era for this wonderful opportunity. I am sincerely grateful."
I love it! Get to know more about Psychology, interesting and mystery. Nowadays, so many peoples who has mental illness but they do not even aware or help themselves, therefore, even though there has so many difficult and professional wording in this lecture of Psychology, I still want to know more, hopefully I can help others one day. The lecture is good and knowledgeable, however it will be more easy to understand if it can have some supporting example on how to apply to our daily life and experiment shown. Thank you Professor Bloom! 
I have to give the highest rating to this course, because not only did it give me a great introduction to psychology, it has provided a springboard for further study and investigation. On a personal level, I was able to come to understand some thing about me too, which I found surprising and somewhat rewarding.Initially I found the "animation" style of lecture delivery strange, but as I stuck to it, I began to enjoy it and found that it really helped with the process of embedding new ideas and concepts. All in all a great experience.
I am a choreographer specialising in the art form of Tanztheater, which is a German art form of merging Dance and Theatre. I consider the approach to my work quite psychological therefore I was interested to get a scientific context to my otherwise just self-controlled general thinking I do during rehearsals or in preparations. And I can honestly say that this course has provided this context wonderfully. Professor Bloom did a wonderful job in delivering a meaningful and non pretentious course. I really enjoyed it and learned a lot!
I feel so blessed that I got to do this course. It has lectures of really knowledgable professor with absolutely relevant material and the quizzes kept me motivated to finish milestones and set for completion. I finished this course before the timeline, despite dealing with office work and managing my kid an family. I am so happy that I have now added the skill and knowledge that I was thinking for long to achieve. I am a finance professional and now have the foundational knowledge to build my career in psychology as well.
I came to learn the basics of psychology and to be honest I think this course way over-provides - that is a positive aspect.The videos are not dull and drone but engaging and valid to the subject.The additional reading material that is provided gives a greater insight into the subject taught and is beneficial to gain a better, and a more wholesome, understanding.I enjoyed this course, took plenty of notes and will be a point of reference for the future.Thank you Professor Bloom for taking the time and making the effort!
Much more informative than my Psychology class in high-school. I enjoyed the fact that it also covers the physiology of the brain, to some extent. Having video, audio and a transcript to follow at the same time was really helpful, even if the transcript, very rarely, did have some inaccuracies. I found, however, that the readings took much longer than the indicated time minutes (at least for me. but I also stopped to take notes). I enjoyed the flexible schedule, but I did spend a few weekends in-doors trying to keep up!
-original presentation of material (animation makes it easier to learn the material)-actual problems-talented tuition-stunning psychological experiments (even some of my friends from the United States were not familiar with the material, they are psychology students)-useful and practice-oriented information-first-class recommended literature+ more than other 100 reasons why I like this courseYour lectures are an intellectual pleasure for me. Many thanks for this lovely present! I appreciate your professionalism.
The best course I've found so far on Coursera. The lectures are clear, interesting and well-structured, and professor Bloom successfully makes the subject engaging and understandable for people who do not have a background in Psychology. The visual aids and the cartoon-style of the lectures really helped me to better understand and remember the concepts explained as watching engaging visuals, rather than just a professor talking, helped concentrate on the topics discussed. Thank you for a great course!
I found the course very well-structured, interesting and relevant. The pace was adequate and the additional reading filled the gaps where I was wanting more. I had some knowledge already so I did not have to study too much to pass the exams, but I gained a lot of new insights from the reading and the sorces quoted in the reading. Can fully recommend. I did this class during lockdown due to COVID-19 and it gave me a sense of fulfillment that is hard to obtain due to the restrictions in place. Thank you.
I want to thank Dr. Bloom. You're such an inspiration to me, as a professional and as a person. I'm so happy that i finally finished this course. I thought i couldn't make it, but at the end everything was worth it. I'm from Brazil, taking this course pushed me to my limit. English is my second language and I thought I was good enough, but I was wrong. I improved my English during this course and I am very grateful. I've learned so much! About myself, about others... I am very, very happy... Thank you!
I cannot express how lucky I feel to have stumbled across these courses - a random event triggered by covid, of all things. Professor Bloom is so engaging, that it is frustrating to only have two courses I can take online with him! I completed Moralities of Everyday Life, then completed this course, and both were so inspiring and thought-provoking. I am next enrolling in courses on schizophrenia and effective altruism, through different universities, but largely inspired by Professor Bloom's courses.
Personally, I've always been interested in learning Psychology and this course was very informative and the lectures were simple and brought out with clear indications of examples and reference readings that have helped me understand the several topics in psychology.I enjoyed this course truly and I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Psychology...Your time will be used up well and not forgetting the course itself has made me realize that I would really want to major in philosophy.
I didn't expect much from this course at the beginning but it wow me in the end. I've thought psychology is something that we can understand how others think and able to explain their behavior. But this course is much more than that. It helps to understand myself and from that, understand others. Honestly, this is a long and difficult course. But the final result pay off every minute you spent. I love it and highly recommended it to everyone who wants to get the basic (and more) about psychology. 
Really enjoyable and great to find areas you can dive into deeper. I was super excited to discover Jaak Panksepp and evolutionary/affective psychology. (That's personality emerging from emotions and why many animals, like us, also have personality).On the improvement side - Why no reference to Jung?  Many people would have heard of him over Skinner as the second big name. And it would be good to be clear from the start on the differences between psychology and psychiatry and issues between them.
I am VERY happy with this course. I learned a great amount, and a lot of it is something I can take with me in my daily life. I recommend this course for anybody, not just people who may pursue a psychology degree! We need to understand things like personalities, mental illnesses, and happiness to better interact with our fellow human beings! Thank you Paul Bloom for introducing key aspects and points, and for conveying it in such a straight forward manner. I hope our paths will cross some day.
This course acted as the first step in leading me ahead in the journey of Psychology. The animated classes along with the use of perfect examples for each and every topic were amazing. Though I would like to recommend to increase the length of this course to incorporate more explanations and connecting points for all the topics which would really make this a wholesome course. Besides, I enjoyed this course very much and would love to ask others to do enroll and embark on this beautiful journey.
A well organized course, with amazing material and content. The professor carries the lectures in such a manner that intrigues us and makes us want to know more. The best part is the additional readings at the end of each lecture which give us more useful information that is relevant and understandable. This course is good for anyone who is interested and willing to know about the basics of Psychology. Big thanks to Professor Bloom and the team at Yale University for this really good course.
I found this course to be very interesting and engaging. The materials and topics were presented perfectly and I think I reached a high basic level understanding of all the topics we covered. It was interesting to learn about the parts of psychology that are visible and applicable to daily life, but also the parts of psychology that remain undiscussed. Overall, I really liked how this course was taught and presented, and  was fascinated by almost all of the topics covered in this course!! 
Excellent professor, engaging method and high-quality of information. I had already graduated in Psychology prior to taking this course (which was meant as a self-motivated refreshment of my knowledge of the field) and I can definitely recommend it to people who are curious and interested yet hesitating in taking the full-course at some point. It's a great "first contact" with what we deal with in this fantastic field of science. Congratulations to Yale and Prof. Bloom on the achievement!
This course is amazing, and when I finished it I felt so proud of the psychological knowledge journey I went through. It explores so many aspects of this field and talks about the psychology of a wide population of humanity like children and teens, rich and poor people, etc. It made me feel very thoughtful and I am so grateful that I made the decision of taking this course because even if you are not seeking a career in psychology, you will use this knowledge in your personal daily life.
I really enjoyed this course. Professor Bloom did a great job presenting the information in a way that was easy to follow. I thought the cartoons made the videos very engaging. I think this course provided me with a good foundation of psychology that I can expand on. This is my favorite course that I have taken on this site and I will definitely recommend it to others. I think using this course to have a better understanding of psychology can be beneficial in any career path you choose.
The course is a very beautiful one with an out-rightly well thought display of knowledge, clear explanations and very beneficial to me. as a matter of fact i found beauty in its complexity, a notion that lingered in my mind the whole time i studied henceforth deeming it very interesting and a perfect choice for during these  times. no doubt it has added a new scope of knowledge to my understanding and hiked my interest in psychology and the unfolding of humanity back from its history.
I feel that I learned a lot of useful tools that I could also apply in my day-to-day life, as well as if I'd like to pursue a career in psychology. I was always passionate about psychology and it felt natural for me to analyze facts and ask myself complicated questions, but I never studied psychology in depth. However, now I am thinking more seriously to get involved in psychological research and in providing psychological help to other people , especially after taking this course.
Outstanding course! Paul delivered a terrific lecture and has an outstanding style. Thanks for making this available to the general public. The only area that I think he needs to be careful about is the concept of free will. He refers to it once, but I think the context in which he referred to it may subject to a different interpretation. He may want to check with Sam Harris. I would love to hear a podcast between Paul and Sam where they debate the concept of free will. Thanks!
It is a comprehensive guide to anyone who finds psychology interesting but doesn't know where to start. It introduces the learner to variety of new topics. Excellent supplementary material available for reading. If you are a student who finds psychology interesting and are not sure if they want to major in psychology this is the perfect course for you to help make that decision. The videos are very engaging and ignite curiosity to know more about a given experiment or idea  
As a high school student, I'm a bit limited when it comes to studying psychology through school. Taking this course allowed me to delve into psychology while developing basic understanding and appreciation for the field. If you think you will be. bored taking an online course, Professor Bloom is a talented and engaging speaker and his lectures coincided very well with the graphics presented on the screen, so please don't worry. I am so glad I decided to take this course!!
This was probably one of the most interesting, interactive and fun course I have ever had. The animations make every lesson fun and much much clearer than they would have been if it was just professor Bloom speaking in front of the cameras with a bunch of slides on the side. I recommend it HIGHLY! Thank you Professor Bloom for the lightness of the tone, the striking examples and the NBA free references!! And thank you dear Illustrator for such a beautifully executed work! 
I feel more complete with the understanding of the human mind. I am also a Life Coach and it has made it easier to deal with the identification of the tendencies a client has and understand the reasons behind. Also, it is perfectly complementary with the Science of Well-Being course. Great opportunity and I am grateful that such great teacher form Yale took the time to create such amazing courses also for those not able to pay or to go to the Yale University. Thank you!
I took this same course on Academic Earth 10 years ago and benefited from many insights due to that experience.  This was review for me but I was pleased that the lectures had been updated with recent recearch.  I appreciate the interactive quizzes as they help to remember the material, I just wish there were more optional supplementary questions as well.  Professor Bloom is an infectious lecturer and I'll be looking for more courses from him like this in the future.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course as I had not taken a  basic Psychology course before.  I found the material fascinating,  the lectures stimulating and motivating and overall I consider Professor  Paul Bloom to be a fantastic teacher ! I graciously thank him for this course! Finally I  would like to say that  as an auditor, I can honestly say that it is a wonderful way to pass the winter months in learning something that inspires one and encourages one to study more!
This course touched upon many of the topics that I have been curious about and discussed socially in a very structured format. Many of the topics presented and the optional readings reinforced the concepts taught that I feel confident that I can provide insights to others on these topics. It has also further enlightened me on my thoughts and behaviors as well as the people around me. I truly enjoyed and am grateful for the knowledge that I obtained from this course!
It's a great course if you want to under psychology as a field and what all it deals with. Of course, it's not going to give you in-depth knowledge about everything because that's too vast to be done, but it does a pretty impressive job at piquing your interest by making the most of the limited time. The Professor is absolutely amazing- not only does he know what he's talking about but he explains everything from different view points and is very open to new ideas. 
An excellent course to get introduced to the most important part of the basics of Psychology! The lecturer is grasping my attention! The illustrations, sources, external materials and graphics make the lessons not only more attractive but also more clear and understandable! I would suggest this course to anyone being interested in Psychology, even for first year students! The information presented are also part of every good "Introduction to Psychology" study book! 
This course has been a great experience! The course is sectioned out into separate topics that provide interesting information and flow into the next topic. Professor Bloom does a great job of explaining interesting and complex topics in a way that is easily understood but doesnt feel watered down so it is easily understood. The animation and video style is great for those who learn best through visual learning. The course definitely deserves a five-star rating.
A fantastic medley content that examines a range of issues & implications of psychology.  The narration is smooth and his vocabulary easy to comprehend. This course easily unravels a lot of layers and can help you to ask yourself some critical questions - do you wish to pursue an academic or a professional career in this field? Does the brain fascinate you or the social/medical ailments? After this course, you will be begin to see the path that you should take.  
Great course! I first saw it in the app from Apple for studying. It was free, but there were video lectures lasting for 1 hour each (or more). I was sure I wouldn't have the time and persistence to watch all of them. So, when I was given access to Coursera from my university and came across this course, I was more than happy to see that its format is changed. Funny drawings and visual aid were great but I appreciate short video lectures even more! Thank you!
This course was absolutely amazing! It has exceeded all my expectations for sure. I am currently studying psychology as one of my A-level subjects and hope to continue studying psychology in uni. This course was a great opportunity for me to learn about the different aspects of psychology that is not in my a level course, therefore prepping me for uni, but also reinforcing the content I have learnt in my college to. This course was definitely worth doing!
My experience with Coursera's Introduction to Psychology was truly outstanding and fabulous. I have acquired a lot of knowledge and an ample amount of understanding of the human mind. I'm certain that this course will come to me arsenal in times of adversities and needs.                                                                                Thanking You,                                                                             Rahul Dutta Roy
great course that offers an introduction into core topics of psychology. However, I disagree with some of the perspectives offered in the class. Especially in the nature vs nurture debate. Upbringing has a significant effect. If they don't find that in studies, maybe they should use a different method or setup rather than go around and basically tell parents that it doesn't matter how (or wether) you raise your kids. Seems like an irresponsible stance
I came to this course expecting it to be useful for my profession. I am not sure if it was and I am not yet sure how to practically apply it to my job, however, I enjoyed it immensely. Paul Bloom just has a way of lecturing that will capture your attention and enjoy whatever subject he is talking about. Also, he appears to be extremely humble in his career, which I greatly appreciate and allows me to trust in his work in this course. Highly recommend!
It's a pleasure to study with such interesting and fascinating lectures by Professor Bloom and exciting animation! The additional literature is very interesting and informative. I took this course to begin my way in psychology and neuroscience and it's very inspiring to continue! At the same time I learn English, so it's kinda difficult to me to understand the material in 100%, but that didn't prevent me from successfully passing the first test.
Incredible course with an even better teacher. Professor Bloom explained all aspects and perspectives of psychology perfectly and definitely worthy of praise. It was also personally very helpful to understand people, the origins of emotions, why people behave the way they do, mental illnesses and to some extent social engineering as well. Would definitely recommend among all other available courses on this platform corresponding to psychology.
Definitely recommend it to everyone, who is interested in Psychology.The best course for introduction to the field of psychology. Excellently structured. Brilliant examples, case studies and thoughts shared. As a person with no background but lot of interest in this field, I can say I kick started at the best place possible. On a personal note, became a huge fan of Paul Bloom. Will go through his works and ensure to catch up to it, till date.
I joined this course for the purpose of understanding my own feelings. As you age and grow older, you are influenced by so many factors in your life that make you confused with your own thoughts, purposes, and feelings.  This course not only helped me understand how the brain affects the mental state of life but also touched on many areas which were a bonus for me. I would like to thank Coursera and Professor Bloom for this great opportunity. 
Absolutely wonderful course. The professor is extremely engaging and clearly very passionate about the topic.  I have gained a great deal from participation in this course and would implore anyone who is unsure as to wether they should enrol on this course or not, to do so, you will not regret it! fantastic course! has really opened my eyes and introduced me to the world of Psychology and has peaked my interest in studying this topic further.
A perfect Introduction to Psychology.  The lecturer shared his passion for the field through his videos and awesome perceptions and interpretations of scholars of psychology. I loved how he related it to real life situations that we face everyday which made the concepts easy to understand and to adapt at work.  I would highly recommend this course to any person in Leadership roles as well as those who have a passion for the human mind.+3 
While I did have some complaints outlined in the exit survey (I'd prefer single lecture videos rather than multiple mini-lecture videos, and more challenging quizzes), I found this class to be fascinating. I now have a keen, excited interest in psychology that I never would have expected to have. I found the professor to be extremely understandable and engaging, and the animated videos we both entertaining and helped keep my focus sharp. 
This has been the course with the most open approach I have taken. Professor Bloom explains in a very delicate way that someone who has no previous experience with psychology can understand. I was curious about the subject but as it was advancing, I became even more intrigued about the many different approaches and subjects one can study in psychology. Thank you for sharing your knowledge and time and for inspiring me to keep learning.
I found this course very useful to know more about the mind and its functioning, though it remains a deep ocean to unravel. Prof. Paul Bloom delivered the course in an excellent manner and it is very important to get conceptual clarity in a subject like this. And the course ends with reference to humility (we know very little about mind) and optimism (but we are using scientific means to understand mind and we are on the right path).
I found Professor Bloom to be wonderful at describing abstract ideas using modern and simple examples. The lectures are my favorite part of the course because I am a visual learner I found his explanations coupled with the animations to be quite powerful. The best way to take this course is to really think of it as a course you are enrolled in and take notes and read the recommended reading etc.Can't recommend this one highly enough. 
Well designed course covering the introduction of psychology. I have learned the overview of what psychology is and the different field/areas of the subject. The lecture was easy to understand - a great professor! The materials (videos, reading materials, transcripts, etc) were all well designed/presented to help understand what are being taught. I very much enjoyed the class and learned a lot through this course. Very happy with it!
Leave aside the comprehensive foundation of psychology provided by the Professor and the dedicated staffs , I think I have learned more than what I expected from the course (things that I thought I know turn out that I do not know it accurately :) and especially the very fine reading references). In addition, my PERMA results after completing the course is more positive than the first one, and that makes me quite excited. Thank you!
I profoundly enjoyed the course. Professor Bloom's explanations are clear, examples interesting, and delivery engaging. Over the course of just a few hours of lectures, he offers a great foundation for anyone interested in the field of psychology, gives a comprehensive overview of different areas of research and schools of thought, and points towards some great resources. Thank you for putting together such a wonderful course.
As someone who has always wanted to dip a toe into the field of Psychology, this course provides students with interesting information, insightful examples and the regular testing ensures that the learners understand the contents of the course. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and would highly recommend it. From Freud and Skinner to Happiness and "The Good Life", this course builds a strong foundation for all of it's students.
Really interesting! I was surprised that the videos were so amusing and provided such a clear overview of the topics at stake. Though only providing with a glimpse into the world of psychology, this course summarizes all of its basic notions and make students capable of exploring concepts further. Overall, I had great fun taking this course and I feel my knowledge with regards to this research field has increased greatly.
It's the perfect way to know a generalized view of Psychology, I loved it! Some day I want to be a Psychologist and this course truly reinforced that feeling, also, it helped me learn a lot more about some topics I have already studied a bit before and I learned so much new stuff, so, I think that for someone who doesn't know much, if they're willing to soak in all the information here given, it's a great introduction.
I absolutely loved this course, and I have gained so much from it - thank you especially to Prof Paul Bloom for making the content so compelling and interesting throughout.  I now intent to do the course a second time to really cement what I have learned and also catch what I have probably missed(!). A truly excellent experience all round - thanks in abundance for making such quality learning available to the World!
I enjoyed every detail of this course. It was like finding oasis in the desert. I recommend it to anyone who has a tiny or big interest on how our mind works. Thank you coursera for introducing me Paul Bloom and this class. It made my day, week-year. It was really awesome experience in this COVID period. I appreicate the knowledge that i been learnt i am looking forward to use and adapt to them. cheers to all. ece
"
This course is very funny and well prepared. Every enlightened mind I appreciated in these years such us Noam Chomsky, Oliver Sacks, Richard Dawkins, John Milton and why not some fictional character like Batman are quoted here.

How it works our brain? why we are different? how groups work? what is the happiness? there is a scientific approach to these question? I'm really prudent to say yes to the last question.

"
Good course for introduction to Psychology. Good justice to varied topics covered. Readings at the end of each module were of high quality and link to further readings were really good. The only comment for improvement is time required to read were far more than it stated which is misleading if you are planning time management to finish this course. It takes more effort to complete the course but it is worth it.
I found myself talking about many psychological aspects of life with peers since the course has started, and I felt I do have more knowledge on these topics, which was my aim in joining the course! We covered a lot of ground and I now want to expand my knowledge on each subject individually. The order, clarity, animations and content of the course are all extremely thought out and very well executed! Thank you
This course is an absolute must for anyone that wants to better understand yourself the world around you or just get into general psychology.The lecturer delivers every class with a high level of professionalism, I got easily drawn into every class and discovered so much not just about the brain and behaviors, but my world was opened to a new science and a respect and admiration for the beauty it had to offer.
Far more than I expected, it is a complete course that explores different viewa and theories explained as clear as water. As a negotiator I just needed to reviewed some topics and investiagate a bit more, is easily a course for everyone who wants to learn a bit more about our mental processes and how scientifics are exploring and taking insights from our beautiful and useful brains. Thank your for this course. 
This is truly a great course that gives one an extensive introduction to the field. I was pretty new to the field and I feel like I have gotten a solid basis. The videos are great quality with lovely storytelling and the additional readings are very informative. Do note that while the reading material is supposed to take 10 minutes each week, it will take much more time if you want to actually read all of it. 
This is a fantastic overview of the foundations of psychology. It introduced me to many concepts of which I was unaware. More importantly, it gave me a broad spectrum of the many different areas of psychological study that I may be interested in pursuing. Paul Blooms lectures are fantastic and the reading is wonderful. I highly recommend this class to anyone interested in a quality introduction to the field.
What a great learning experience.  I did this course having no prior education on this topic and was eager to learn about what was being taught.  Prof Bloom was easy to listen to and the videos were quite engaging.  The additional reading material was excellent!  Self analyses were also a nice touch - as I often wondered if I was at all normal.  I will recommend to my friends and colleagues that they try it.
Considering that I am novice in the field of psychology, this introduction course helped me to open and widen the way I see the people and world around me. Prof Bloom had very interesting lectures, combined with videos, experiments, comparisons, everything with the aim to be easily absorbed. For anyone just starting to study psychology, this course would be a great stepping stone in to the mystery of brain.
This is a fabulous course in Psychology. I loved the it has been designed and conducted by Prof. Bloom. All the Psychology concepts are explained in a very simple way. This is very exhaustive course in understanding the basics of Psychology. It has definitely helped me in better understanding of its concepts. Thank you Prof. Bloom and Yale University for providing such a beautiful course.Praveen SharmaIndia
It had been a good three wks or so to for me sit down and listen to Mr Paul Bloom explaining and guiding this course , Introduction To Psychology. Through out the course, he had provide some though on the interesting subject Human Brain and the Language. End of each week, a reading and reference are also provide for refer. But i think little if not some of those course can be use to further improve my self.
If you want to learn precisely what Psychology is all about, there can't be anything better than this course. Professor Bloom has an amazing style of narrating his lectures and it keeps your engaged. Each lesson has something new to learn and it followed by quiz based assignment. As a designer I wanted to know if studying psychology would help me in some way, and after completing this course I am convinced. 
The lecturer, Paul Bloom was incredibly interesting, interactive and knowledgeable.  I so enjoyed listening to him and to his wise observations about the world we live in and how we tend to perceive the world. I feel that I have gained a whole new view on the way human beings behave. I definitely want to pursue a career along the lines of psychology in the future. Thank you so much Paul Bloom and Coursera!
Professor Bloom, I have done many online courses, but this was one of the best, even for a person who wasn't really interested in the topic.I liked the presentation animations, your summaries, your examples, and seeking students to answer questions at the end of each week. I appreciate the amount of effort and consideration which went into your videos and topics and contents. A great overview of the field.  
Professor Bloom classes were remarkable and really cool! His lectures were never boring and he maintained the life within each and every topic though psychology is kind of dry subject. Assignment's weren't childish ,it really tested our skills on what we heard and observed. On the whole I loved it! Even for those who aren't interested in psychology should experience professor Bloom's fine level of oration.
I loved this course so much! I was really sad when it was over. Each video lecture was well structured and easy to follow (loved the animations!). The professor was engaging, thoughtful, and smart. The readings and outside resources were relevant and interesting. The tests were a good review but not too long or challenging. I feel like I now have a very good foundation of psychology and I learned so much! 
I love the way Dr Bloom explains concepts and give examples. His voice is welcoming and never condescending. He delivers scientific theories with a sense of humility that encourages critical thinking. The slides and graphics in this course were huge for me. I am a visual learner and could not have retained the information without the images and sounds. Overall great course, I'm inspired to learn more!
The course was pretty helpful in understanding all concepts especially that those concepts were new to me. The way the course was displayed (through the use of animation) gave the course a sense of dynamism that was helpful to memorize and understand all concepts in the modules. Also the inclusion of videos about experiments and talks was very helpful in understanding the various topics of the course. 
Great course from Yale, simply world class and it is great Professor Bloom did not believe much in Freudian theories himself (course a little lengthy and content needs to be reduced to one third for being an 15 hour course perhaps...In depth discussions are good though and provide comprehensive analysis from some scientific perspectives (subject to change with better understanding and developments)
"It wraps up lot of fascinating topics as Foundations of Psychology, 
Learning & Memory, Intelligence, Individual and Social Psychology, 
Personal Traits, Mental Health and Illness, and my favourite: PWB 
(Psychology of Well Being). I think it's a clear example about the 
future of learning, with amazing animations during the lectures! EXCELLENT! Congrats to Coursera Yale team and Prof. Paul Bloom!"
I found the course to be very informative.  It was a great way to be introduced to Psychology,especially if you know very little about the subject.  I always thought that Psychology was mainly about Mental Illness, but it is way more than that.  I enjoyed the fact that the professor was in Avatar form.  That and the artistry around it was really cool and helped me to remember detail of the course.
I just want to start by talking about professor Bloom, Probably the best teacher of my life. And this course taught me so many new new things, I am having a feeling that I have discovered a universe. Also having a feeling that I should've choosen Psychology as my major instead of Law. Anyways, There is a way to feel happy in every situation, and all is well that ends well, learned from Mr. Bloom. 
I found the course highly stimulating and even though I have always worked more in the field of literature, I found that I was able to follow and understand the course. The Professor made it interesting and fairly easy for me to follow. Extremely satisfied with the whole courese and I will certainly try to read some of the books which the Professor has suggested.Very best wishes,Antonietta Barone
This course was phenomenal in introducing us to something-about-everything of psychology.The creative animated method of teaching was effective in delivering seemingly complex theories for non-psychs.Professor Paul Bloom has an amazing cordial energy and wit combined with effective explanation skills.For me,this course has definitely built a strong foundation in vast discipline like psychology.
Very engaging and insightful course. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in exploring various segments in psychology. The best part about the course is how Professor Bloom has used animation which makes even difficult concepts interesting! The external readings and books mentioned in the course are very helpful for providing in depth information about the concepts covered. 
This was my first experience taking an online course, and I could not have asked for a better experience.This course has inspired me to dive even deeper into this areas, and hopefully tie them into my next career steps.Professor Bloom's lectures are engaging, clear and provide relevant and comprehensible examples that have made the content covered something I don't think I will ever forget! 
This course was very interesting and my first online experience of being or attending a full classroom of people in front of a university professor even if it was just drawings and animation, it made it feel more engaging and interested me. It was my first time thinking about the mind and learning about what makes people unique like how people with disorders are different from others. 
Wonderful course. I am very happy I found it, thank you Yale University, Professor Bloom and Coursera for this amazing opportunity. I am a First Year Undergraduate Psychology student, and this course has helped me strenghten some concepts and theories. But the best is, it made me confirm I am in the right path and motivated me to engage more with this field of knowledge and expertise.
I took this course before beginning my undergraduate degree in social sciences. Not only was this excellent preparation, Paul Bloom also made the lessons entertaining and the theories easy to grasp. I would recommend this course to anyone who plans to or is already studying introductory psychology. I frequently refer back to the notes I took for this course to aid my current studies.
This is a great and complete summary of psychological theories and the basics of Psychology. I am a psychologist and this was good for me to refresh some things I had learned already, but also learn new ones that are always interesting and helpful. Very well compressed and outstanding way to explain and present all the information. It was interesting and entertaining on every topic.
Mr. Paul Bloom's course on psychology was filled with interesting facts, something that I will always keep in mind when dealing with life and interacting people. I am highly impressed with his style of teaching. His pace is very smooth and good and it makes it easy for you grasp concepts. Looking forward to taking part in more of his courses. Thank you so much, Professor Paul Bloom!
Great course! Has been my first Coursera course and I had so much fun. I really liked the animated videos and I personally think that Prof. Bloom explains everything very clear and precise. I think he is a great professor and I am happy that he offers this free course here on Coursera. 5 Stars!!! Highly recommend this course if you are looking for a great introduction to Psychology.
The course was excellent, with engaging videos and a good professor. There was information provided on every aspect and field of psychology to give an overview of the topics involved in psychology. There were readings and references given for each part of the topic. I would definitely recommend you this course if you want to get started on Psychology and know very little about it.
As an introduction to Psychology, the material and delivery of the Professor was highly engaging. As a student who starts many things and drops out often due to losing interest or extreme anxiety of being judged or not being able to do amazing work, I am pleased to have finished this course and found it very rewarding and illuminating towards finding the workings of the mind. 
Thoroughly enjoyed the entire course, the graphics were simply amazing and charming. The content was really well organized and presented, and I especially liked how more real-life experiences and experiments were taught and talked about in order to understand the main concept. This was certainly a good choice for pursuing my interest in psychology as a beginner. Thank you :)
this course is extremely informative and engaging, specially for me, being a psychology student myself, but the best part is that even for someone who is not studying psychology but wants to explore it, this course is very helpful as it takes all the basics. Professor Paul Bloom is an amazing instructor, and keeps us engaged and makes us want go further with the course.!!
This course is the right place for a Psychology enthusiast to get a boost into this discipline. The course is well structured and compels the learners to put on their thinking caps and analyse scenarios. The possibilities are laid out in front of us to study and understand them individually. It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to learn the basics of Psychology.
Really great course for people looking for psychology as a subject or people who want to know some interesting facts about us as Humans. How we think the way we think, why babies are different, how are behaviors formed and so on. The course provides great value about the common things and why they are so. Recommended for everyone, even if you're into psychology or not.  
Professor Bloom is a fantastic professor, he made complex topics easy by giving a lot of examples and showing video material. Furthermore the quiz at the end of each lectrue was doable, not easy but also not impossible to solve. I would recommend this couse to everyone that wants to get a general overview of the field of psychology (and not just clinical psychology)
I recommend this course to everyone who is seeking knowledge abut basics of psychology either for their passion or for their profession. I cant thank Professor Bloom for so painstakingly putting together this course for us. The course is very structured and the interesting visuals make it very easy to understand.  I would have given the course 10 stars if I could..
An absolutely wonderful course and a great insight into the field of psychology. Prof. Paul was also outstanding in explaining each module in a way which can be understood by anyone, and has managed to increase my interest in this field even more. I highly recommend it to those looking to get a glimpse in to the world of the mind and leave the course wanting more.
The teacher was super engaging! I took this class because I am looking to transition into a psychology degree and wanted to try a sample course. I ended up doing the entire course in about 2 weeks because I just enjoyed it so much. I loved the variety of topics, and how modern the courseload was. It was also clearly made for online learning. Really recommend it!
the most pleasant and wonderful memory of this course was the narrators VOICE.Listening to Prof Paul Bloom for the last  6 weeks - his teaching style - his explanations - the way he translates the concepts to the class leaves a memory of happiness in my mind. I would like to engage in more courses under his leadership.Ro South Africa  University of Johannesburg
What an amazing course! i completed it over a month, and I have learned so much. this course has given me a different perspective on life, and the subject itself is utterly fascinating. thank you, Professor Bloom, for the amazing animations, the fun little videos to keep attention, your eye for detail and your easy to understand way of explaining and teaching!
Its a great course well paced and a decent introduction for someone who is completely new to the subject. All reading material is available for free. Lots of real examples, experiments and talks make the subject less theoretical and easy to consume. The videos which are animated are great shift from the conventional videos and interesting to watch. Loved it!!!
Brilliant introductory course- engaging, easy to understand but not dumbed down, covers a great range of foundational topics. I feel like I know have a really good understanding of the different fields in psychology as well as some of the approaches and methods used by different key figures. Highly recommend to anyone even vaguely interested in psychology. 
I always thought I was the text book type and would never cherish an online learning experience. But thanks to Coursera and Prof. Bloom, this has been one of my most wonderful learning experiences. Prof. Bloom is excellent. The way he explains the tenets of psychology not only makes understand each of it clearly but also leaves you with a lot of curiosity. 
An excellent introduction to psychology with great animations and an engaging teacher. It will touch on many known experiments of psychology as well as analyze their scientific validity. It will also shape your idea about psychology as a scientific approach to our minds rather than a vague mental analysis that is depicted in contemporary movies and dramas.
This was my first experience with psychology science, a subject that has always interested me implicitly. I'm glad I took the course. It will probably take me to some more in-depth study of related psychological subjects of personal interest. The course was lectured in a well structured way and kept my attention all the way through. Definitely recommended.
Professor Paul Bloom is so kind - enjoyed his lessons and the reading as well! Everything is very interesting and the animated style of video is very engaging! Loved the various research experiments introduced and also hearing about Paul, his wife, who is also a Psychology Professor at Yale! Highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Psychology.
"I was hoping to jump straight into clinical psychology and
at first I resented all the historical topics, especially the lectures about
stuff that psychologists dont believe anymore. Then, as I went on I
appreciated the extra level of information. Overall, a really good INTRODUCTION
to an incredibly complicated subject. Its inspired me to learn more."
As a visual learner, I appreciate the use of art for the visuals of each lesson. The professor has a clear voice which makes me listen more and understand everything he says clearer. The use of sound effects also got me more excited to learn as it helps me to focus and have fun as I learn. I also rarely see other courses using this kind of visual aids. 
Covers a broad range of major topics in psychology with vivid description and cases. The views from the lecturer are very modern and objective, and always try to tell the audience the importance of humbleness and scientific analysis method when doing research in the psychology field. Also really liked the novel presentation method (the illustratIons!!) 
The content was easy to understand and provided a comprehensive overview of the science of thought and mind. The animations were well-made and the audiovisual association made the lectures easy to follow. The lectures and complementary textbook readings were very complete. The professor's enthusiasm made for an extremely enjoyable learning experience.
I really enjoyed the class as it covered a rather wide array of introductory topics ranging from memory to mental illness in addition to much more. I also respected Dr. Bloom's treatment of the mind-body problem and how he addressed the stance of religious people without being discourteous - although, the course definitely has a naturalistic approach.
 The way professor Bloom explained each and every terminology by giving examples making it understandable and easy to remember. There are some animations involved that keeps you interested too. The readings were not too lengthy and informative at the same time. some surveys were involved that i found super interesting. Then again you have forums too.
this is my 3rd course from Coursera and I think this one is the best in a way that the professor is really engaging and you feel like you were in a real lecture room. The video is not boring and the reading material is worth reading and scientific based not like some course that the reading material was referred from some non-evidence based website. 
I loved taking this course. I enrolled in this course because of Prof Bloom, after coming across his work a couple of years ago. I even referenced him in a book I wrote, called dognitive therapy. I am an animal behaviourist and discussed cognitive vs emotional empathy in my book. Thank you for such a wonderful course. And, hi to Professor Bloom! :) 
Would like to thank Paul Bloom for the excellent course. It not only gave me general idea about Psychology but also helped me understand what topics I am more interested in. The methodology of explanation is perfect and in case you are not native speaker, no worries. Everything is explained in a very clear and interesting way. Thank you very much. 
This is course is an excellent start to gving you the basics of psychology. Prof Bloom is a natural, speaker , he teaches as if he is telling a story. I throughly enjoyed learning and all of the material that were presented. This course put many of the pieces of the "what is psychology" puzzel together.  This course was very worth the investment. 
"I was really curious about Psychology, I studied Marketing
and had a single class dedicated to it, but to me it wasnt that helpful, so I started
to search for courses that were easy to understand, and started with the basic
principles, Im so glad I stumble upon Professor Bloom and his course.I highly recommend it for anyone with a curious mind!"
I'm halfway through week two and so far im LOVING THIS. honestly haven't genuinely enjoyed learning anything for a while until now.  The lectures are well organised and engaging, and the reading are relevant and provides deeper understanding into course material. I have learnt a LOT just from watching the lectures and taking note while doing it. 
The course is absolutely great. I enjoyed every bit. Professor Bloom is an excellent teacher. The topics are intriguing and very well selected. I am now a different person than I was before the course in my outlook on things, my understanding of people, children, and myself. I must also say the graphics, drawings and sound effects were amazing !
Gave an excellent introduction into Psychology. Had high expectations from the course and it met and exceeded them.  After completion, felt that I know myself a little bit better. Am encouraging my son who is going to medical school this fall to take the course during this pandemic lockdown. Thank you Coursera and thank you Professor Paul Bloom.
Professor Bloom made this course more engaging than it al ready was. The topics you learn are very interesting, everyone should have a glimpse of what psychology is,  how we are different and how our brain works. The assessments are accurate and ask you about the lectures, the readings help you understand better and answer some other questions.
very comprehensive contents as this is the introductory course of Psychology, it is good for a beginner to learn what is Psychology about to how this could improve our lives, or at work, etc. At the end of the course is about happiness which is the essential concept in people's live gave me a lot to think about and the next learning objectives.
it gave me a really good perspective into what psychology is and what it contains of. The various perspectives of it and what I can expect from it, if i want to take it up in the future. It also gave me an understanding of a few things around us and makes me what to know more and read more into the various things that had been introduced to us. 
I am extremely glad to gain so much knowledge in this course, the way Prof.Bloom illustrates everything were quite relatable and I am thankful to Coursera for this platform and also thanking the professor for such an insightful course and could taste the flavor of psychology and also thanking the people those who have worked behind the scenes.
 It was a very informative course and it provided a lot of insights into many questions you may have about social interactions/settings. The course is well structured, and Professor Bloom's engaging animated lectures were a delight to listen to. I will recommend to anyone, despite your field of work/study, since it is relevant to everyday life. 
Excellent material presented in a clear and engaging way. The animations are incredibly helpful. One area for improvement: all the readings are listed as taking "10 mins" which was frequently wildly inaccurate. Some reading material was approximately 8 times the length of others yet all said "10 mins". More accurate labelling would be helpful. 
I admire and respect this course's academic dexterity in encouraging that student's operate on their own flexibility and drive. Furthermore, it was quite informative and offered shrewd insight in the study, through its concepts and also by developing such insight and opinion in its students, allowing for an interactive and intelligent course.
Strongly recommended. I took an introduction to psychology class when I was doing my bachelor's degree. I didn't quite like the course was being constructed, so I did not learn much. However, the example of Professor Bloom gave and the structure of the course outline had draw me in again. I really appreciate this lecture, thank you very much! 
The course was excellent, the videos are an animation of a lecture hall which made the material that much more lively. The professor is excellent, I would say that even if youre not particularly interested in Psychology, he would make you be. The only issue is that now every other online course seems to be of inferior quality in comparison :)
This is my 1st course with Courseara and I really enjoyed it and very happy that I chose it. Professor Bloom was wonderful and engaging. I would like to take more courses with him.Overall I feel a lot more knowledgeable after taking this course than I had prior. I have learned a lot of new material that applies to day to day life.Thank you!
  Introduction to Psychology foundation course is very well organised with great content, presented masterfully by  Professor Dr. Paul Bloom. I have learned a lot about foundations of Psychology. I am pursuing Master in Psychology, the course is very helpful. I am great full to Dr. Paul Bloom and Coursera for providing this course. Thank you. 
Great introduction course for those with no background in psychology but some interest and want to see whether they really are interested in the study of it. Very helpful to gage whether it's something you might want to continue studying/pursuing or not. Extremely fascinating content, very well delivered lectures and material, top course!
Very well structured and highly engaging content put out by Professor Bloom. He focuses on the important aspects and gives well represented examples.  I am preparing for entrances to my second masters in Psychology having no bachelors in it and I found this course to be helpful in providing an outline and introduction for my preparation.
This course offers a comprehensive and thought-provoking insight into the discipline of psychology, with short but information-packed videos and readings that get straight to the point. I, like many others, took this as a 'taster' of sorts to see if I'd be interested in further pursuing this subject. Will definitely be sticking with it!
It's an amazing course, I absolutely recommend it to everyone, even if you're a beginner. I started it with absolutely no knowledge of Psychology, now I feel like I'm exploding of it (in a good way). Professor Bloom expalins every module very well and gives you plenty of readings to expand the informaitons and your knowledge as well. :)
As the name says, this is an INTRODUCTION to psychology. It will serve  as a  base for those who intend to set foot in this broad topic. You will gain insight into the various fields of psychology and will be fed with intriguing thoughts which you personally will have to expand by further research or courses. All in all, very saisfying
Thank you very much for designing this course and making it so interesting and making way for further exploration into the subject Psychology. This course gave a very good idea about different aspects of Psychology. I hope I will further pursue and gain more knowledge and put this to use and may be help people who need help. Thank you!
I love the pictorial touch in the explanations.Professor was clear;I did not have issue with accents and the questions made me think.Another thing I love about the course is the fact that a sense of humility was displayed all through.Claims were left opened to debates and further studies.Overall,the lecturer made it easy to understand
This course provided me with a comprehensive accession of knowledge. The lectures and professor's lectureship are perspicuous but not lengthy. Through this course, I now have the basic foundation of psychology and due to that, I have decided to follow my study in this field at University and in my further future and career. Thank you!
this an wonderful course of fundamental psychology and i learn such hug thinks on this lectures how to handle emotions ,fear and etc this basic course very helpful to learn about deep psychology in future thanks to Yale university providing  very useful notes are provided in this lecture presentation aslo nice again thanks to all....
This is a fantastic course and  professor Paul Bloom just guides and glides you through it making it very interesting. The course touches upon all important aspects and subjects in psychology and  make the subject very interesting.I want to pursue a specific area in this whole wide subject. Looking forward to some more studying on it
I found this course extremely informative and engaging. The topics are all interesting topics that also help you to understand every day life, and how/why people think the way they do. I particularly liked the mental disorders and genetics module; it helps to give a deeper understanding in to these issues and how they can be treated. 
This is a great intro course to psychology, which kind of accomplish my dream of being a psychology student. The course gives a general structure of modern psychology. Besides that, it gives how it becomes modern psychology. Also, Professor Bloom is so knowledgeable, I wish I can take one of his class at Yale some time in the future
Definitely a great course to learn introductory aspects of psychology and I recommend this course to those who wish to learn basic terms of psychology, how our brain functions, various theories related to pyschology and much more. I would like to thank YALE and Coursera for providing  this opportunity of awesome learning experience.
Its a great course overall. But as a student in engineering area. It's hard for me to understand all the things in the first round. And the long reading materials are too long and hard to get my attention. I found myself forget most of the things I learnt from previous week. Maybe I will try to watch the course for the second time.
I would like to thank the professor for such a structured, optimized course with such extensive information, I have been fond of psychology for many years, and I have found a lot of useful and interesting information here, very good presentation of information with excellent examples, easy and fun, I would like it to be continued.
Though I am a Computer Science Engineering Graduate, I never felt bored on learning this course. It gave me a good idea about Psychology of self and Psychology of groups and the various theories related to that. Very interesting. Instructor is very good in explaining and his presentation is so lively and useful. Thank you so much.
At a time where spare brain power was available this course has provided me with a wonderful opportunity to enhance my learning on a subject I have always been keenly interested in. Paul's pace and style were perfectly suited to my learning preferences and would have no hesitation in recommending this course to others. Thanks Paul 
This was the first online course I have taken. I was skeptical at first, but immediately became engaged in what the professor had to say. He made the course engaging and entertaining, and gave information in many ways for whatever works best for you. I definitely recommend it to anyone who is even vaguely interested in psychology.  
Thoroughly thrilled by the course, it was engaging and simple, graspable. Had an amazing experience learning all that was offered in the course while at the same time, it was not too much to become overloaded. Compactly packed course which addressed important issues and concepts of psychology, which I had always pondered to know. 
I took this course to help me review for my AP Psychology exam. Professor Bloom went over everything that I had learned throughout my AP Psych course, except more. He covered the details that I originally had trouble understanding perfectly.  If it weren't for this class, then I probably wouldn't have end as well on my AP exam. 
I really like this instructor. He explained things so well, kept the course interesting, and gave a lot of research information. The course was well outlined and covered a wide variety of topics. I was interested the whole time, I feel like I know how minds work much better, I feel enlightened, and I had a lot of ah ha moments. 
Thoroughly enjoyed the lecture series; The instructor has done a brilliant job in curating the content and delivery of the material of every lecture, and the suggested readings and resources are also marvellous. Definitely recommend this to anyone in any field who wants to shed some light on the nature of others and themselves!
This course was better than I have expected. And the illustrations were really really engaging. Giving a feeling that you are in a class with some other students, even though you know you are not. This course gave me a kick start and inspired me to learn more in psychology. Thanks Paul Bloom, thanks Yale and thanks Coursera!!!
Outstanding course, very informative and educative, cleared a lot of concepts, introduced me to many more interesting new things. Lots of insights into how we think and who we are. To me, this was a logical next after Prof Bloom's course on morality. And Prof Bloom is just brilliant. Such a joy taking up his courses. #winning
One of the best online courses I've participated in. Dr. Bloom was very clear, pedagogical,  and engaging.  The covered topics were also interesting and informative. I liked the use of animations in the course. The material introduced were interesting and I learned a lot. I do hope I get more courses which Dr. Bloom teaches. 
Not particularly in depth since the themes of psychology were mentioned briefly. This is also probably what makes this course so attractive for online learners. Without needing a strong background in science or psychology, Professor Bloom mentions and explains the broad themes of the field in an interesting and broad manner. 
i have gained a better understanding of myself now. I have also learned to observe and be empathetic towards other people. I now know that money isn't everything, you can have it all but lack that "one" thing that makes you happy. I have learned that some brain injuries change our personality like Gage. Thank you very much.
I have always been fascinated with psychology, & completing this course made me feel better prepared for seeking a career in this field. I really liked Professor Bloom. He made the course very interesting, easy to understand, & kept me engaged & looking forward to the next lecture. I appreciate being given this opportunity.
I loved it. The professor was engaging, I really enjoyed this. I sat and wrote notes in my book as I watched and listened. I know some people were disappointed in the video element, but I didn't mind it at all, I thought it was simple and sweet. 5 stars! I most definitely will be back to do this again for extra absorption! 
Well done to Professor Bloom for this captivating and beautiful on line course. I found it well structured, relevant and very pleasant. The rhythm of the course was also great, and I'm sure I'll always remember about this course and its content. The graphics were so good too, made it even more special. Well done again!!!!! 
Very engaging and easy to follow for someone who has no background on psychology. It gives a good introduction of different areas of psychology. It uses very nice videos of experiments to illustrate some concepts which I found very useful. I also liked the animation which makes it very visual and easy to memorize/remember. 
I really loved this course, professor Bloom is an awesome professor and a good person. The course is very well organized, full of really interesting topics that are well presented and explained, I also apreciated the animations in the lessons. Thankyou very much for the effort in preparing and teaching such a great course.
I spent my weeks reading and listening to this course over and over again. I don't know how much it is worth to me, but somehow, my foundation about psychology has been extended as I believed. As a freshman who majoring in psychology in general. I hope coursera will add more course that is relevent to this one. Thank you. 
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I have always been fascinated with psychology and this course surpassed my expectations. I have learnt a lot in the context of how the human mind works and of our behaviour. Child psychology, developmental psychology and mental illnesses were my favourite.10/10 course, I highly recommend. 
Professor Bloom is very engaging. For most of the time I wasn't even thinking that I was studying. It was a journey where I came to know myself in a much better way. I am a mechanical undergrad. I think psychology has helped me to better understand my actions and why I do. Thank you very much Coursera and Processor Bloom.
this course was amazing and mind blowing (in the literal sense !!!) . i got to learn so much, dozens of new things, concepts and ideas. professor paul is fantastic. the way he guides through the course makes it even more enjoyable and easy to understand. I am very satisfied and happy with my decision to take this course. 
Out of all the courses that I completed or at least attempted this one is for sure my favorite. I spend a great time listening to the lectures, they were extremely interesting and contained lots of examples that helped understand the concepts better. I also liked the design of this course. Thank you very much, Pr. Bloom!
Prof Paul Bloom is extremely Engaging! I am so glad I took up this course. I wish I had the financial means to pursue a degree in the subject at Yale. I would like to thank Coursera and Yale University and most importantly prof. Bloom for making it possible for students like myself to learn despite monitory limitations. 
I have learned almost all the concepts of Psychology. They helped me to understand my  subjects in a better way. Now, I can improve my teaching  and give appropriate examples based on the students, students' mood, environment, and level. I am so grateful to Prof. Paul Bloom, and  Yale University and Coursera.Thank you.   
The best course I've ever taken, everything was so clear, the explanations, the examples, the videos, the drawings. One of the things I enjoyed the most was how Professor Bloom explain things, his point of view is merely objective and human.Thank you so so much, (Maybe my inspiration to study Psychology in the future)
This course and Professor Bloom provides a great foundation to those who are interested in understanding psychology or even for an average person who can learn a lot through applications in their daily lives. The course ended on a great note as well through understanding the basic aspects on how people view Happiness. 
Professor Bloom is a very engaging and knowledgeable lecturer. The course is very well presented and each segment is split into bite size easily absorbable pieces. Personally I learnt a lot, some of which is thought provoking, others confirming what I already knew, but putting them in a structured scientific context.
Great course! Very engaging and triggers interest for further research and learning! A deep overview of various topics. Very useful to have a better understanding of the subject but also general knowledge. I recommend 100%! Professor Bloom keeps your attention through the entire course, I'm sad it didn't last longer!
The Introduction to Psychology is so interesting and meaningful. Everyone should have a good understanding of psychology to have a better life as an individual and a group member. And the teacher is profound and humorous, explaining things in a way easy to understand. It helps me a lot. In general, this is exceleent
This course will give students a brief overview of what psychology is really about and how it will help in their daily life and how to approach their daily life.The modules are really interesting to follow through and the follow-up readings are really helpful to further aid the understanding of the modules discussed.
Really enjoyable and interesting. Well presented content in an easy to understand format of small chunks of information. Interesting readings that aren't too long or convoluted. Definitely had me questioning aspects of my life & relating traits in my friends and family to things I have now learnt through the course. 
This has been a profoundly eye-opening journey. I loved the course in every way and it heightened my already-present interest towards psychology. For anyone out there thinking of taking the course, always read the additional reading material because they've become the most fascinating readings I've ever encountered.
This is my first Coursera course and I'm so pleased about the learning outcome! I wasn't too sure what I want to do for my next job since I resigned in April, although I'm still not 100% sure, but what I know is I want to be a helper and problem solver! Thank you Professor Paul Bloom! You are my man of the year!!!
This is an excellent course especially for the beginners of this subject. The lecturer is amazing and the examples given by him makes it easier to understand the very technical terms and concepts. On the other hand, the course content is well-organized. I highly recommend for anyone to want to follow the course. 
It was easy to follow along with all of the information.The format of short videos ranging from 3-10 minutes on average made it flexible and easy to fit around my schedule.Having due dates and times for the quizzes encouraged me to finish each weeks content in a week instead of leaving it all to the last minute.
"High quality online course !The lectures were clear and engaging.The Youtube videos,Ted Talks as well as the additional reading material provided 
complement the lectures and go into more detail with plenty of references to learn more.
This course provides you with a thorough basic understanding of psychology. ."
An overall outstanding course with an extremely knowledgeable professor! Professor Bloom manages to balance a delightful overview of this intriguing scientific field while satisfyingly explaining each unique theory and expanding the student's understanding of how each individual field corresponds to the others.
This course has giving me a better foundation in understanding psychology. Our professor's lectures were clear even in the complexity of psychology through his style of teaching. He also managed to express himself and give us a real life experience on an online course. And that in it-self is amazing!Thank you!
Very informative and I love how Prof. Bloom incorporated some moral lessons like humility at the beginning and end of the course. It makes it more relatable therefore interesting. I alos appreciate that Prof. Bloom suggested steps on what to do next after this course. It makes me want to pursue learning more. 
This course in psychology talks about many things that we can help people who suffer in their lives, because everything they talk about in this course is very important. It is a course that I like and I would love to recommend to other people who give themselves the opportunity to learn more about psychology.
An excellent course that will give you a deeper understanding of the basic aspects of psychology. Perfect if you want to expand your knowledge of the subject or if you, like me, wanted some more knowledge about it before going off to university! Would recommend this to anyone who is interested in psychology.
Before taking it I thought I knew everything about psychology (not everything but had a good notion of it), but then I found out I didn't - it was all common sense and not science. This course breaks so many misconceptions we have, it is just great! I loved taking it. Thank you to Professor Bloom and Yale!
Prof Bloom is absolutely amazing. I thoroughly enjoyed taking this class. His enthusiasm and knowledge towards this class made it easy to participate and stay engaged in the materials. Thank you ! I hope to see more of your classes & lectures on this site !Best, Samantha Cobean Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
I really recommend this course. I was so very interested in Psychology since many years ago, how out brain works, why we think what we think, the personality, some emotions, you can find these topics in here. The professor Paul is great, he has a lot of experience, and give very good stories and examples.
Very well structured, professor Bloom's delivery is perfect, he makes the course easy to understand, engaging and interesting, and the animations make the whole experience more dynamic. The content and lectures have a lot of information that can be of much help afterwards. I'm very pleased by this course.
An excellent course to get introduced to the basic concepts of Psychology, to have an overview of how we've evolved on understanding feelings and thoughts during the past decades, and how recently we've acknowledged the way theyr are integrated into our self, and with our physical body and external world.  
I really enjoy the course! Professor Bloom used some intriguing examples and perspectives to help me see psychology in a different way. I also enjoy some of his personal input. I am thinking of going back to school. I think this course provided a very good idea of some fundamental concepts in psychology.
This course was fantastic and I enjoyed it very much. Professor Bloom did an excellent job of being both engaging and clear with his lectures and I found myself fascinated with the material. Thanks to this course, I am strongly considering further studies in psychology. I strongly recommend this course!
Thorough presentation and suggested readings that helped to clarify and cement the information given.  I enjoyed and appreciated the format as I was able to rewind when necessary (frequently) and listen while in the car.  Thank you very much Professor Bloom.  Hope to see you at Yale in the fall of 21!
The professor's genuine passion for the subject was pleasantly contagious. The course was quite comprehensive overall, and anyone who takes this course will be able to appreciate the subtle nuances when it comes to the behaviors and inclinations of our fellow human beings, and ourselves in the process.
A perfect course to understand the basics of Human Psychology. The Instructor has made every effort to keep it simple and within the reach of greenhorns like me who want to learn the rudimentaries of subject. Thanks to Team Coursera for this amazing compilation of courses. Enriching to the core. Thanks
I have engaged in many online courses during the pandemic period, and this one was my all time favorite. the lecturer was very good, and full of information, the videos were very nice and the course was so interesting and resourceful. Thank you verymuch University of Yale for this amazing opportunity. 
This is quite certainly the best online course I have taken so far. I loved the video lectures - Professor Bloom did a great job of explaining the concepts in a highly engaging manner. The reading materials were extremely useful in reinforcing and elaborating upon the concepts covered in the lectures.
Extremely engaging. Learn way more than I thought. Advise this course to anyone who have an interest in psychology or is on college and needs a different insight.And doing the course on my own rhythm, pausing and retreat videos whenever I needed was a great experience. This is the future of learning.
This is the first time I have used Coursera for online courses. It is different from the online courses I  studied before, which videos are more interesting and impressive. Psychology is a really fascinating subject, and this course is very suitable as the beginning of psychology learning. Thank you!
The course was super fun! I have never been so engaged in a lecture before. It's a well built course for anyone who's just curious about psychology or looking for a place to start a career in it. It's very informative with a lot of interesting videos and readings involved. You won't be disappointed!
Great introduction to a wide variety of topics. I initially thought the animation would detract from the content, however, it actually added value in the form of increased and longer attention to the lectures. Wish the course had been longer, allowing for a more in-depth look at many of the topics. 
Really amazing, the things i learned in social psychology has opened a completely new field for me. Before this i had some understanding but now i trust completely that for me to make sense of sociology, otherwise i would think of it as a shallow field and all about society( Alexander Supertramp).
This course was so incredibly informative and a great way for people interested in psych to begin becoming educated about it! The professor's lectures consisted of animated videos which was super creative and impactful, it was also clear that he is very passionate about his work. 10/10, recommend. 
 A Really worthy course. even though I don't belong to humanities I found it very interesting and engaging. the professor's way of teaching and explaining the topic is among the most interesting I've had ever seen. its a really good one for extra knowledge and also for the beginners in this field.
 A very interesting course and a very engaging tutor. It contains some really interesting aspects of Psychology. Moreover, studies and experiments are exhibited, which makes the course even better.The tutor uses many examples to demonstrate his thoughts making understanding easier. Excellent work!
this course is so great that gives me the chance to learn about what are included in the psychology. The lectures are wonderful and powerpoint is cute and impressive. Also , the  reading materials from NOBA  make me can know more information related to each week. I learn a lot from these 6 weeks. 
I am so happy i did this course.I always wanted to study about psychology and i am so glad that i did this course with full dedication.I have become so curious to know more about the human brain and psychology which i will surely do.If anyone who is interested in this field can surely go for it.
Psychology classes help me to learn the scientific method, how to evaluate sources of information, and how to think critically about the information i encounter on a daily basis. These classes can help me hone these skills, which prove useful in a variety of careers and different areas of life.
The "Introduction to Psychology" truly has been a wonderful experience. Professor Bloom explains complex concepts with utmost simplicity and ease.  The lectures are universal, simple and the animations keep the lectures entertaining. Thank you to Professor Bloom and the entire team at Coursera. 
I absolutely loved this course. This is an amazing introductory course to Psychology ; all thanks to Prof. Bloom's lucid, wonderful lectures, and the amazing treasure of readings. I am grateful that I got the opportunity to take this course, which was my first step towards learning Psychology.
Excellent course: nicely structured, easy to follow, and the visuals are pleasing to the eye and providing additional motivation to stay focused (the virtual audience make it seem like you're part of the auditorium).Highly recommend to anyone interested in Psychology and in how our mind works.
Excellent course, Professor Bloom kept my attention and desire to learn at the top with his jovial and direct narrative, supported by animation tools. The alternative study platform had a very friendly interface, which made reading time very enjoyable, as is the Coursera interface, I must say.
I have loved every single thing about this course - the teacher, the quality of contents and the way they were explained, the absolute quality of videos and illustrations. Hard to believe this was an online course when what you get is much more than you could possibly expect. I have loved it. 
"This is one of the best sites for those who want to understand who they are
and who are they in order to take precautious measures.The language used is
simple to understand and it did help me complete my tests in time.I encourage whoever
is interested to study more about psychology to signup. "
"Thank you
so much Prof. Blum for this most interesting course. The lectures were very clear
structured and easy to understand. I learned so much in that interesting course
and I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in psychology. Im
happy to have been able to participate. "
Introduction to Psychology was very informative and covered a vast array of topics. The instructor Mr. Paul Bloom was very self explanatory in his various lectures making the course enjoyable and educational. To all the future students, I hope you will have  as much fun learning as I did 
Very engaging course! Professor Bloom is very good at presenting ideas in a clear and organized fashion. The videos weren't too long so you don't lose focus. I highly recommend taking this course if you are interested in psychology and are wondering if you should pursue it later on in life.  
This course was very interesting and well planned. The content, i.e. the lessons along with the animations had me hooked till the end. I really liked the teaching style of Prof. Paul Bloom as not only did I understand everything, but I am now even more interested in the subject than before.
The course was a great experience. It offered the most interesting insights into how the human brain works. The difference of a child's brain and an adult's in particular triggered many new thoughts in my mind. Professor Bloom's great style of teaching also made the course more enjoyable.
A brilliant online course that has engaged and fascinated me during the coronavirus lockdown. Professor Bloom delivers an excellent series of lectures, supported by further reading lists. The video lectures are delightfully illustrated, totally elevating the experience of learning online.
I would like to thank Coursera and Yale university for making such an opportunity available for all.unfortunately I can't pay for the certificate because of a financial distress, nowadays I'm working on my CV and I would be glad if the course certificate was mentioned there ..best regards
The professor is engaging and with this being my third online structured program that is refreshing. The readings and references coincide with the course,it's easy to follow, now if they could only offer a degree program in counseling and mental health! Thanks for the great job y'all do!
Loved the course, very entertaining topics kept me engaged the whole time, If the entire certificate is done by this professor Im sure I can pass with flying colors and that would be wonderful as I work in spurts and traditional education really doesn't work with me but I love learning ! 
This helped me so much for my psychology class in school. Not only it helped me understand everything that the teacher says in school but also it makes me love psychology! I just get to love it so much and am really thankful for professor Bloom who created this wonderful course for us.
Use this course as a crash course if you're an outsider and psychology interests you. If you are interested in this domain this course will lay out a strong foundation for you and push you in the right direction. Best part of the course is the Professor! HANDS DOWN! Worst part? NONE?!
I haven't even started the course yet but it looks brilliant! Never in my life did I think I would be doing a course offered by Yale University! I thank the folks at Yale and Coursera for making it so easy and cheap for one to be able to attempt achieving what some would call a dream!
The course covers various domains of psychology, course instructor Professor Paul Bloom is engaging and eloquent speaker. This course will give you more insights about working of the mind and your thinking process. It is overall a very delightful and well structured course.Thank You.
The course was great! I have learned so much new information that broadened my horizons and provided numerous insights. I have also become more determined in further studies of psychology after this course. I also loved the animations and drawing in the lectures - it was so much fun! 
I think this is a very good introduction to Psychology. The lectures are easy to follow and understand, and the readings add a lot of extra value to really solidify what was said in the lectures. I highly recommend this course for anyone who is interested in knowing about psychology.
If you have an interest in Psychology this is a great course to start with! You'll discover the major theories and up to date critiques in the field, rest assured that Professor Bloom will keep you thrilled by the subject and eager to discover more about the brain and its functions!
This is very basic course on pshchology, and I enjoy studying it for personal reason. I think many learners will take advantages of this course for whatever field of studay and work they are doing.I personally recommend professor Paul Bloom, for compacting some morale into my brain. 
Most amazing course I ever had. Professor Bloom lecture videos are perfect, interactive, very engaging, I felt like I was in real classroom. The subject is very informative for new learner in this topic like me and looking forward to study more in this field. Thank you everyone! :)
Professor Paul Bloom does an excellent job in introducing students to the science of Psychology. This course will benefit anyone wanting an overview and introduction of the domain. Its very well presented and highly engaging. I would have no hesitation in recommending this course.  
This was the most fascinating and informative course I have ever taken! Professor Paul Bloom is an amazing lecturer who explaines most complex material in a very easy and plain way, so it was a real pleasure to study! Many thanks to everyone who created and organized this course! 
This has been an amazing experience for me. Professor Bloom is an amazing teacher and is very engaging in his videos. I would love to pursue more in this field as I have started a liking towards this subject. Thank you Yale University and Prof. Bloom for this fruitful experience.
The way the course has been designed and delivered is perfect for someone who wishes to create a foundation of psychology. Prof. Bloom ended changing a lot of my perceptions about the human mind and has sparked my curiosity to dive deeper into this subject in y professional life. 
Thank you so much for the course. What are people most afraid of? What do our dreams mean? Are we natural-born racists? What makes us happy? What are the causes and cures of mental illness? Now, I can answer those questions well and I can tell the people closest to me about it.
I strongly recommend doing this course if you are interested in psychology. This course is brilliantly organized and very very engaging. I really enjoyed the teaching style of the Professor. I often got so hooked into the course that I forgot about my plans of watching Netflix. 
I really had fun when it came down to the class i was kinda nervous and skeptical at first but it was definitely worth and i do recommend others to take this course. Dr.Paul Bloom really made me comfortable as far as the lecturing goes. He's the best of the best in My Opinion.
I thought this course was a well organized and well presented overview of the field of psychology. Its encouraging me to delve deeper into some more specific areas. I also found Prof. Blooms delivery and supplemental readings to be nicely complementary . Highly recommended ! 
The lecturer on this course was so clear with his explanations as well as brilliant illustrations to assist with visual learners. I was engaged throughout and I honestly don't think that would have been the case if it was taught by someone who wasn't as great as this lecturer. 
This was an incredible course and the professor taught it beautifully. It gave me a lot of insight on so many things that I would have never thought of before. I definitely recommend, especially if you are thinking of taking psych in college or pursuing a psych related career.
An excellent introduction to human psychology. Whether youre an intuitive good listener and want to know more about how you can help your friends, or if youre curious about your own mind, this course is a great starting point on the journey of learning about the human mind.
Course was really insightful. Coming from a computer engineering background, did not face much difficulties understanding the view points and concepts laid down by the professor. Human psyche is truly amazing and this course lays the stepping stone to understanding it better.
I enjoyed the course from the beginning to the end, it was fantastic! And Prof.Bloom is a great lecturer, I enjoyed his teaching. The course materials were awesome. Looking forward to continuing my higher studies in the field of Psychology. Thank you so much, Coursera team!!!
It was a great kickstart for introducing me to psychology and its various aspects. Prof. Bloom taught the course exponentially well and by the end the last video I was kinda sad that the course is ending. I would really love if Prof. takes an advanced course on this platform.
This course made me understand how our brain works in ways that I didn't think about, the lecturer is very engaging and he explains the topics well in a very interesting way, finally I recommend this course to anyone who is curious about how we think and how our brain works.
i had a fabulous time learning about psychology with Professor Bloom. i had taken this course as a refresher course to brush up my basics about psychology, and the course has proven incredibly great for my cause. looking forward to enrolling for more courses offered by Yale!
Professor Bloom is exceptional when it comes to explaining the course. He is a great story-teller and hence able to teach the course as if it was a story. Highly recommended if you are interested to grasper a glimpse of psychology. And his avatar in the lecture is very cool!  
A brilliant course that gives a broad overview of Psychology. I enjoyed every minute and couldn't wait to share what I had learned with my partner (even whilst learning it). I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to dip their toe in the Ocean of Psychology!
Professor Paul Bloom explained 'Introduction to Psychology' topics methodically with confidence.Additional materials are very helpful. Videos are engaging.I recommend this course to anyone who are interested in Psychology or just to know about our own brain and how it works.
I am an engineering student and I wanted to take a course outside of my field and the course totally exceeded my expectations. Professor Bloom teaches very nicely in a simple and easy to understand manner. Overall I feel this course was a valuable increment to my knowledge.
As the first online course that i participated, especially in such a magnificent field like psychology, I am definitely satisfied with the knowledge I have acquired through this experience in Coursera. Certainly looking forward to participating in other online courses, too!
Introduction to Psychology is a journey through all of the majorpsychological concepts and principles. The knowledge gained from this course will allow students to critically evaluate psychologicalresearch and have a more in-depth understanding of human thought and behavior
The quarantine gave me time and opportunities for further training, for which I am very grateful! The course is so interesting, while it gives a lot of knowledge, basic, but at the same time very deep! Thanks to Yale University and Professor Paul Bloom for this opportunity!
A very good course to understand the basics of Psychology. It establishes the foundation for further study in this field. Even for the people who do not want to pursue Psychology as their careers, this course provides a better understanding of the facts about human nature.
amazing intro course! my first course in years and I loved it and have my passion again for psychology! Paul Bloom is an amazing prof!! Look forward to more in the future - Coursera has made this manageable for anyone wanting to further their education and skills! AMAZING!
Thanks .....Prof Paul Bloom.........Am so grateful ,the course was so helpful to me and how i interact with other people around me is so different ,because I understand a lot of things now. Hope to meet you again in another Psychology course ,not stopping here ...ha ha ha 
Introduction to Psychology leads the participant to understand human behaviour and the reasons why people behave the way they do. It also opens a window to a better understanding by suggesting interesting readings  which can give us a broad sense of how psychologist work.  
I just wanted to do a basic psychology course to learn about how the brain works and some mental disorders/illnesses to understand my loved ones going through this.  This course was just what I expected.  It was short and sweet and to the point!Thank you, Professor Bloom!
Loved it! It was really interesting and easy to follow. It was my goal to finish this and to see if I actually want to pursue a career in psychology and I definitely want to! Plus this knowledge will help me in my current carrier and general work with people. Loved it!
This course has been the most exciting and engaging academic experience I've had. From the Professor's ability to explain in-depth concepts with simple words, to the engaging animation and lecture format, to the relevant topics, the course exceeded all my expectations.
Great introductory course, giving bits of information on the various aspects of psychology. It helped me refresh what I had learned some time back and kept my attention across the six weeks. The additional readings & referred books are very interesting & helpful also.
To my mind, the course was great! I've learnt a lof of new things and managed to aquire basic skills about psychology. Our mentor Paul was brilliant and engaging.  Right now i feel extremely motivated and have a desire to continue my tuition. Thank you and good luck!)
This was a great class. It was informative, the pace was amazing and I learnt a whole lot. It was amazing how after weeks of studying heavy topics and concepts, the last module was designed around happiness and positivity. There was a lot to takeaway from this course! 
I enjoyed the course so much! All the topics were very interesting and what is the most important, everything was explained very accessibly, so anyone could understand! I also loved the animation and Paul`s voice, very pleasant to watch and listen :)) Thank you a lot!
It was an excellent course; It met my expectation to study Psychology on an introductory level. I would say the content were very comprehensive and one could now choose to take specialization in other things since the course has directives. Over all it was excellent.  
This has been a great experience.  I took an introductory course in psychology nearly 50 years ago and this course and the professor were far superior.  The content is comprehensive, the animated format engaging and the readings excellent supplements to the lectures.
My first course in psychology  at the age of 51 years and I feel addicted to the subject  already. It was great listening to Prof Bloom's lectures. The pace was stress free and also the overall instruction approach.  Thanks Yale and Coursera for providing the access. 
I don't have any background related to psychology. But this course is just as easy to understand as interesting and beautiful. Making you wishing to learn more about Psychology and the human mind. I also loved the format. Thank you to Coursera, Yale and Profr. Bloom.  
I loved the quality of this course! It is structured well, with interesting and thought-provoking topics. The instructor, Paul Bloom is a really engaging speaker. I do know more about psychology, and I also learned which direction I want to dig into more. Thank you!
The very interesting teaching method is used in this course, and it is very comprehensive to the learners. The animations and videos related to the Psychology are very appreciating one. Overall a fantastic online learning experience. Thank you so much for Coursera.
Great course! highly recommended for those who are seeking a professional carrier in the field and also those who are keen on to getting familiar with the basic knowledge of the field. Will certainly recommend to friends and family. Much appreciated and enjoyed it.
A very interesting and a very well structured course. The professor does a great job at explaining the general overview of what psychology is. Very satisfied with what Ive learned and I hope to continue my path to learn about psychology with these type of courses. 
I enjoyed this course very much. I learned ABCs of psychology and human behavior, which will help me to gain perception over a lot of things in daily life. I am grateful that I completed this course and learned something valuable which I can apply in my real life. 
Well done the Professor was engaging,  I am not saying it was easy, but at the same time it was not difficult, the way each module is presented keep you focus , not boring at all. It could encourage one to go farther into studies.  Marvelous Marvelous. Well done.
I personally enjoyed this course so much! It helped me in school, my personal relationships and mental health . Thank you for this experience. I am looking forward for in the future to keep studying psychology and this course will forever help me on that journey!
For anyone wanting to learn psychology this is the best course available anywhere. The overall content the overall the way videos have been made and other supplementary readings are there just really really good. Thank you to the whole team behind this course. :)
The course is manageable and it gives me more than enough time to complete it. It wasn't too difficult to understand. The reading materials further enhance what Prof Bloom was teaching and give an over view on what Psychology is. I thoroughly enjoyed taking this! 
A wonderful, expansive course that touches upon the many facets of psychology and gives the learners enough room to explore by themselves. A definite recommend, I went from nearly a complete beginner to a well-grounded student in the process of doing this course.
The course was great! Honestly speaking I did not expect to learn so much but the content was too good and had me hooked all the way till the end. The professor was also great and explained the concepts well, in easy to understand terms. Definitely recommend it!
Absolutely a great course, appropriately balanced complexity and accessibility, incredibly interesting and fascinating. I also love that the readings are free and very useful, with lots of additional materials and references. Love the animation too:) Thank you!!
I really enjoyed the time spend doing this course offered by your establishment.  I really enjoyed the various lectures, the presentations and the interraction with the on line information.  I am going to recommend this course to others so that they can benefit;
Paul Bloom was surprisingly engaging as a professor which I thought would be difficult to achieve for an online course. But perhaps that's self-fulling because one has to be enthusiastic and excited to learn about the material to want to complete the course...?
I strongly recommend this course for those who are interested in psychology. I especially appreciated Professor Bloom's own insights that he provided at the end of the sessions. To me, they were the perfect summaries of the each subjects thought on this course.
Each module was so interesting, I was debating between rushing through it or taking it slow savoring each week. The animation from Julia Veldman and that Prof Bloom sometimes sounded like Ze Frank makes this the best course I've taken here. Highly recommended! 
Paul Bloom's lectures (and the associated texts) provide the perfect level of entertainment and information, while giving lots of suggestions for further reading and the baseline knowledge to carry out that further reading confidently. Love the animations too.
The thing that particularly interested me was the way in which Dr. Paul Bloom presented the material of Psychology. It helped me in understanding the fundamentals of the same and I would highly recommend it to someone who is interested in pursuing this field .
I really enjoyed this course from beginning to end, the format and structure was easy to use and really helpful for someone never done anything like this.the lessons were engaging and a large part of that was Prof Bloom who was a joy to listen to.bring on more
A comprehensive, well explained introduction into the field of psychology. Whether you are looking to revisit past learned material or just looking for a new direction, this is a great course to give you the understanding in the direction you are looking for.
Professor Bloom used interesting, relevant, and attention-grabbing examples to explain his psychology courses. His voice is very pleasant to listen to, and the material and information provided was of high quality, very informative, and extremely interesting. 
This course is well-structured and very helpful for beginner who want to have a basic understanding of psychology. I would definitely recommend to everyone who want to have a general understanding of psychology but have no idea about what psychology is about. 
I'll strongly recommend this course because not only is it just informative but also very interesting. It has ignited interest for this subject in me and I'm grateful to have come across it since it provides an excellent overview of what the subject entails. 
This is a great course. Professor Paul Bloom has done a wonderful job of meticulously charting the different aspects of psychology within six weeks. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to know about modern psychology and different aspects of the field.
A great, not super challenging introductory overview of psychology that builds your knowledge from the ground up, and covers the development of, and controversies within, different parts of the field. By far the most engaging videos I've seen in any course. 
This was really wonderful. I had many question like how brain works, why someone attracted to others, what is happiness and sadness etc. Thank you very much dear Prof. Paul and I also want to thank my institute who notified me about coursera online courses.
The course is a great introduction to psychology and the format is conducive to learning. I especially enjoyed the text included which is well written, informative and more in depth than the video lectures. Dr. Bloom is an outstanding lecturer and teacher.  
Paul Bloom was informative with a very soothing voice. I feel like he gave a lot of different perspectives related to all theories, beliefs, etc.. I learned a lot but it was definitely challenging. Especially the quizzes, but that was expected. Great job. 
Great introductory course to psychology. I recommend it to anybody who would like a start off point to get the sense of direction they want to pursue further in the field. Super user-friendly. Lots of suggested additional readings for those inquisitive :)
An extremely well structured course that will bring answers to many of your life-time questions, bringing much more understanding of the human mind, behaviours and life in general. The course is easy to follow and very informative.I totally recommend it!
I was initially intimidated with this online course because it was offered by Yale.  After the first lecture, Prof. Bloom is knowledgeable and engaging.  I feel I learned a lot about the history of Psychology and the different subjects within psychology. 
I had a scoail psychology course before this and read articles before about psychology so i was familiar with the stuff but i liked the course and the was it was prepared.also liked the way professor shared his opinions,his teaching style at uni. etc....
This course was way more instructive than I anticipated for a very inexpensive online course. I really got a lot out of it and enjoyed the lessons. Professor Bloom does a great job of keeping the lectures interesting and engaging even in a video format. 
This is by far the most important and influential course I have ever taken. The study of the mind is far more fascinating and  vast than I ever imagined and it is taught with so much detail and love. You will become a better human by knowing this stuff.  
Well I am new to this field, but not the learning part. The way this fields aspects, and course was delivered is one of the best way; I have grasp knowledge in my life. Well done professor Bloom, Yale University and Coursera for this intellectual treat. 
A brilliant course for getting an overview of what all comes under psychology. The professor talks about his own researches in the field and other contemporary researches that make it all the more relevant. Additional reading information is also great. 
I have learned so much about the basic idea of psychology. Professor Bloom is incredible! I love how him make it easy for the beginner like me to understand everything. I hope that I will have a chance to learn more with him again in the future course.
The course is ideal for a person planning to explore this beautiful science. It requires no background knowledge and anyone can start learning Psychology by going through it. I would like to thank Coursera and Yale for preparing a coursework like this.
This course has been exceptionally wonderful. I commend Professor Bloom for the way in which all the lessons were delivered. Being an educator myself some of the materials in this course I was already familiar with which made it a little easier on me.
This course has enriched my awareness about the complexity of human beings.  This awareness is a precious gift which can be useful in many contexts in my life and work giving me a wider view. In fact sometimes good questions are better than any answer
I enjoyed every second! I found the animations a very unique idea for this course. The professor is also very engaging and explains everything using vocabulary that everyone can understand. I am very happy that I took this course. 100% recommended :)
Was a great course! I took it in preparation to go to university to get a degree in social work and I learned a lot! The professor was engaging and the course material was easy to understand while also being thought-provoking. 10/10 would reccommend.
I learned a lot and actually felt like I was learning which is equally important for me. Lots of great information I can and will use in my work. The videos were great and I honestly enjoyed structured learning for the first time in a very long time. 
This course provides me a chance to understand more about psychology, which I have no idea on that before. The videos are very interactive, so that I can understand the concepts in a clearer way. Thank you for the professor for the amazing lectures. 
This was my first ever online course, and it couldn't have been better. I was honestly impressed with how engaging the videos were, how well structured and thought-provoking. Wish some of my real-life professors would have been more like Paul Bloom! 
This course is astonishing. The animation is simple yet delightful, and the subjects explore much more than what beginners, such as me, think psychology is about. The variation in topics are really interesting and shows how deep the field reaaly is.
A comprehensive  introduction covering the key areas.  Excellent preparation for graduate work where one does not have a background in psychology.  The course content and materials were more than adequate.  I think I did a full program!  Thank you.
I am very satisfied with the course, I liked the interface, the teacher's tone of voice, his explanations with the examples so successful, easy understanding for those of us who started this wonderful world of psychology. Thank you!Alejandra Isabel
I loved this course! I enjoyed every moment and feel like I've gained a good idea of Psychology in general. I will definitely look into some more courses taught by Professor Bloom in the future. Thank you Yale University for providing this course.
The instructor presents great material that is easy to digest. An excellent overview. The learning was so enjoyable, it makes me wonder if I actually learned anything. But it is clear that I gained much more in this class compared to other classes
I learned so much from this course. Thank you Professor Bloom and Yale University for providing us with such excellent course. I strongly recommend this course for those interested in psychology field or simply wants to gain new knowledge. Cheers.
Covered all the concepts of psychology greatly on a introductory level. Professor engaged in a lot of good arguments and great content on the readings too. Definitely recommend this course to everyone who is interested and everyone who is not too!
This course was engaging and interesting and gave me an excellent basis for the study of psychology. I am so pleased with the content and the material we were given. The quizzes were fair assessments of our knowledge and were not difficult at at.
Professor Bloom is deep, captivating and hilarious. The cartoon format is light years beyond the talking head format so many use to awkward ends. I feel like I got two semesters of information out of this concise but thorough course. Bravo, Paul.
Extremely delighted for having a chance to attend these lectures online. Very clear, interesting and professional. Animations and examples made lessons even more interesting, while reading source is very thorough but simplified for laics as well.
A well informed course and properly guided to keep on track with the lectures until the end. Its very intellectual, unique and enjoyable. The precision to learn, understand and apply in steps is remarkable. A great course and instructor this is.
I am happy that I joined the course and completed it. Now, I understand the scope of Psychology to pursue further my studies. The videos and lectures were excellent and very helpful. Video lectures were simple to understand. Thank You, Coursera.
Hi Paul Bloom,  I'm happy to have taken the course and I appreciate your guidance on the different aspects of psychology. I work as a therapist for alcoholics and substance abusers in New York City and this works a lot for me. Thank you so much. 
This is just an superb experience of everything all the leasons each and every one is full knowledge and new learning i am so into pyschology and thank you professor for all your time and hardwork . A very wonderful experience. Thank you Yale !
My name is Armstrong Chebii, I am from Kenya the Course has been really awesome. I enjoyed the lecture by Professor Paul Bloom. The tests were very fair, the outside readings were also very helpful. I look forward to continuing with Psychology. 
I've enjoyed this course with Professor Bloom and I gained a huge insight on some of the issues that I personally deal with on a daily basis. The course was easy to follow, short and fun animated videos. Access to the reading library is useful. 
Such an amazing course. I have already recommended it to others! I am sad that it's over! Hopefully Yale Psychology and Professor Bloom teaches another online course sometime soon. He was really a wonderful professor and the material was GREAT!
Love Blooms lectures! Complex topics are explained by practical examples which makes the content interesting and easier to learn. I can recommend both Introduction to Psychologie and Moralities of everyday life. Looking forward to the next one. 
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. It's informational and you have an engaging professor who gets on the student's level by using everyday scenarios and simple terminology to explain complicated subjects such as development and language.
The course is very informative of Life issue and how to manage it. Even though its a beginners course it addresses each issue in a  deeper level. Professor Bloom explains everything in way any one can understand.I love his method of  teaching! 
After the completion of this course, I am able to change my outlook for the world in which I am living, working and ageing. It has taught me how the internal and external aspects of human body contribute to human beings for their desired goal. 
Excellent presentation, really engaging course. Will make you want to know more, will make you ask new questions while giving answers to some. The tests are not hard, they are just meant to make sure you really understand the things presented. 
Interesting information, good narration, very good additional reading, all in a high speed. The animation that accompanies the course, almost makes it feel like a pod-cast - I didn't mind, note taking did not allow for too much watching anyway
Great course and I totally recommend this to anybody who would want to get an insight into the field of Psychology. The teaching style of Prof. Paul Bloom is outstanding and the videos of lectures are quite engaging and interesting as well!!!
It is an amazing and well-informed introduction to the vast world of psychology. Prof. Bloom does a great job of explaining the concepts very clearly and easily. A very informative course and further readings just help you cement the concept.
Professor Bloom is knowledgeable, engaging, and incredibly adept at presenting rather complicated concepts in an understandable and digestible way. I definitely would recommend this course to anyone interested in the human mind and behavior!
I found many 'a-ha' moments while learning. I got to know about the mind, the brain, how complex is a human body. I also got some hints to answer my questions about the things around me. Overall, I think this is a good course for a beginner.
Thank you so much for this course. I enjoyed each module and excited with the new knowledge. All the modules were clearly discussed by linking theory to practice. highly recommend this course to anybody who wants to learn more on Psychology. 
I highly recommend this course because its eye opening and full of insight . It has changed my thinking and enabled me to become more knowledgeable about brain, personalities , child development, mental illness, happiness ,fear among others.
Professor Bloom is a great lecturer and the course contains lots of details.  I am very satisfied with the course and glad I took it online and look forward to enrol to other relevant courses.  Thank you for providing this opportunity to me.  
This course was absolutely fantabulous. I am a secondary school school student and this year i will be in the high school so i am going to find Psychology as a very easy subject. I learnt what i was expecting to. Thanks Yale and coursera !
It was very interesting topic personally to me. The way you explained was very facinating.  Not only explaing but showing images and explaing is interesting thank you for your great time for teaching psychology. I am very gratitude to you.
I can honestly say that I have really enjoyed this course, not just because I enjoy learning about how we work but the lectures, the animations, the readings all kept me engaged and following. Thanks, I really needed this during this time!
Extremely Helpful, I have been interested in psychology all my life and was amazing to go through the process of formal education as it enforced some of my beliefs but more importantly completely disproved some other,  giving explanations.
This course is truly captivating! Talented lecturer- great teaching voice & interpersonal skills (evident, even from a screen!) I loved the animation, very imaginative & really enhanced the learning experience for me.  Enjoyed every minute
A fantastic introduction to the field of psychology. I feel like I now have a solid foundation for taking higher-level courses.  I also have a much better understanding of personalities and how people are alike and differ, in many regards.
I really enjoyed the course. As a beginner, it helped me to make a good analysis of the basic concepts of psychology. I became more interested to aspects like dream interpretation, self analysis, happiness, babies, mind control,et cetera.
Highly recommend this course as a basic introduction to psychology. The course is well structured and concepts are clearly explained with vivid examples. I like the animation version of the lecture which makes the course more interesting! 
This course helped me in getting a wider notion of what Psychology is. I have always wondered if I should pursue a degree on Psychology. I am more aware now that what I would love to study is Clinical Psychology. Thank you, Paul and Yale. 
I loved it. Thank you, professor Bloom! I would highly recommend this course to someone who wishes to have a brief overview of various fields and concepts of psychology. I must affirm the importance of the reading material provided along. 
Thanks to Prof Bloom, I must confess that I've never been drawn to a course in this way. I could not stop watching the videos and reading the material. I thank you for opening my eyes and I intend doing more courses related to Psychology.
Very interesting and well done course! The animation was excellent! The only complaint I had was that sometimes (mostly in week 5) the animations covered up what was typed up on the "powerpoint" and it made it hard to copy down the notes. 
Exceptionally wonderful and engaging course.  Prof. Bloom took each topic through various examples and incidents that made the whole course easily understandable and interesting. Looking for more courses mentored by Prof. Bloom in future. 
Thoroughly enjoyable lectures - the professor is articulate, knowledgable and easy to understand. As someone new to the world of psychology, this course was informative and useful.  I'd recommend it to anyone looking for an introduction. 
I enjoyed this intro course in psychology. It provides the basic insights of the field and the way of presentation and the additional references are quite appreciable. I strongly recommend this course for anyone interested in psychology. 
The course provided just the right information for an introduction course. i must say Professor Bloom's classes were very engaging. The reading materials helped gain extra knowledge. I very much enjoyed listening and taking this cousre!
This course is one of the best I have done. Excellent information which is delivered in an excellent manner. So interesting absolutely enlightening , course quizzes were great too, learnt so much. Thanks to all involved with this course  
This online course was amazing and super informative! Being a 1st year psychology student myself, I've learned a lot of extra things from this online course besides my classroom. I'm happy i chose this course. Thank you professor Bloom.
Great course!!!! I enjoyed a lot there is many information and all the topics were super interesting... I loved how the Professor explained them it was really catching.Thanks a lot!!! Now i want to continue researching about Psychology.
Very engaging video and lectures bt Professor Bloom. Lectures were also structured well in an organized manner. Furthermore, the survey questions were to the point and made me re-look into certain topics to refresh my memory. Well Done!
This is my first Coursera course but definitely not my last! So interesting and easy to follow. Thought it would be difficult to take this course in English but it wasn't. If your interested in Psychology I highly recommend this course!
Thanks a lot, doctor,This course helped me in understanding human behavior in a more better way and helped me realzising the power of psychology and how can we use it in everyday life.looking forward to doing more courses in psychology.
An excellent way to be introduced to such an interesting subject. I would religiously follow his suggestions in the conclusion about the question Now what? I think every student has on their mind. Thanks, Professor Bloom. Best Wishes!!!
I find this course great and extraordinary. Professor Bloom is perfect teacher and it was really nice experience to hear his lectures. The graphic setting is sooo engaging. I got a lot of psychology knowledge. It's really worth taking! 
As a mental health patient, (paranoid schizophrenia, depression and anxiety) I learned a good bit more than I anticipated on learning. I really enjoyed the style of the lectures, the animation seemed to make it more interesting for me. 
Great value for the time. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to improve their general knowledge on the topic and for those who are interested in learning what psychic disorders are there and how they are dealt with nowadays. 
This course is great. I am lucky to have picked it as my first course on Coursera. It allows for you to learn at your pace and in as much depth as you wish while guaranteeing an understanding of the foundational tenets of psychology.
"Coursera is the best application that is providing courses with certificate. Some of them are free and some need to be paid but they provide a trial also for paid courses. The quality of video is awesome in both the type of courses.
"
Thank you for to know these many things about the introduction of  psychology again thank you for providing this facilities I have learned useful things during corona vacation. Thank you for providing such a wonderful opportunities.
I really enjoyed learning about many facets of the science of psychology. I particularly enjoyed that I could balance the videos and additional reading around my full time job and still feel like I was making progress toward a goal. 
The course gives a great introduction with enough information to keep it interesting and also make you want to read up more about psychology. Professor Bloom is great and the artist who animated the lectures deserves all the praise.
A very useful course for those interested to learn about the working of a human mind, social interactions, mental health, child psychology, differences among people's thought, behavior, attitude, feelings etc....Must do course!!....
Having no knowledge about Psychology, I ventured into this course to gauge it and I have to say, Prof Bloom has my mind intrigued. Following up each theory with an interesting example made it very easy for me to understand a point.
I loved this course! I thought it was very interesting, the course was clear, not too long, theoretical or vague. And also, the provided animations made it very structured and interactive and really added to the overall experience. 
Nice, technical overview that goes into important historical figures in the field, the different sub-disciplines, and the scientific research underlying different models psychologists use to explain the functions of the human mind.
I really enjoyed learning introduction to psychology, actually i got interest in this subject, it was very interactive and informative course i ever learned. Thank you so much for making my quarantine days better with your course.
I would sincerely recommend this course for beginners , Very good for an introductory course. At end of the course you would definitely learn or know what you came for. Just stick at the beginning, it gets interesting  by the end.
Amazing course, provides a good overview of the study. I am a marketing professional and I was engaged during the complete duration of the course. It helps learn the basics and serves its title of 'Introduction to psychology' well
this course has been useful as it increased my cognitive thinking regarding numerous subjects and may to some extent allow you to analyze peoples behavior overall i would recommend this course to start off in the psychology field.
this was a great course for beginners, I am an engineer and I have nothing to do with psychology but this course was so much fun and I enjoyed every bit of it. The material is easy to follow and the extra readings are beneficial. 
Course "Introduction to Psychology" has a lot of useful and interesting information. It is not difficult to understand terms with funny pictures and other elements involved in lectures. I am happy that I found this online course.
I have enjoyed the course. Through this course, I realized that I have taken a few things in life for granted especially on language. Definitely a good course to understand and appreciate the different groups of people around us!
This course gave me a great overview of what are the areas studied in psychology and a lot of valuable insights . The level of details and pace of the course were really adapted so that I can really enjoy the learning experience
The most engaging & well-done course I took here so far. I watched some YouTube lections by Paul Bloom and instatly felt I needed to take this course (for business and pleasure), and it was one of the best decisions I ever made.
I enjoyed taking the course and as I learned - happy emotions in the end lead to a more positive overview of this course- even when the brain part was more complex :) The video lessons where also very good to follow. Thank You!
This course summaries and gives you all the basic information that you need to know about psychology in general, not only the clinical psychology.The videos are dynamic and the the professor technique to explain is really good!
This course is great not only for the students who want to pursue psychology but also to every human who likes to have a better understanding of themselves and the people around them. I highly recommend this course to everyone.
If you have always had an interest in learning basic psychology and how therapy works, this is the course for you. it is not very technical yet very informative, so even if you arent from a science background, you will love it.
Professor Paul Bloom does an amazing job breaking down some of psychologies fundamental questions and discoveries into a great 6 week course. i don't have any complaints, it was wonderfully educational yet pretty simple really.
Introduction to psychology opened my eyes on subject of great interest such as child development and how intelligence is received. It was a pleasure taking this course and I hope to see more classes given by this professor.  
A perfect introduction for beginner like me. Trying to enter a whole new academical subject isn't easy for part-time student like me. A good introduction makes me to realize my suitability for this subject, and this is the one.
It is an excellent resume of the many areas where Psychology could made researches and help to improve the general Subjective Well-Being, educating more about different personalities and mental illness to a more healthy world.
It is a very informative, detailed and helpful course. Proff. Paul Bloom is a very good teacher and made the course easy to understand. I would definitely recommend it anyone who is interested in or wants to pursue psychology.
Well delivered course, covers a basic understanding of many different areas of psychology- good for beginners who have never done any psychology before. Good lecturer, gives good examples and feels like he enjoys his subjects.
Thank you, Prof. Bloom! Your dedication and effort, which you have invested into this course, are very much appreciated. Wish you the best in your further advancement, both as a scientist and a professor..br Ilya / Moscow - RU
Thank you very much for this course! It was the first course that I did from the beginning till the end. I'm very excited now and strongly believe in self-education, distance education, self-discipline, and myself in general!
Amazing course! Perhaps the best course I have ever taken. The professor was great, the materials were greatly presented and the topics were interesting. This course inspired me to delve deeper into the science of psychology.
Very easily and well presented materials! Interesting and engaging attention presentations! This course will definitely leaves you with desire to dig more into the topics and get excited about the world inside and around you!
Professor Paul Bloom covered topics in good lengths under heading of introduction, it was engaging and very much interesting from class 1 to the end. So well made I lost track of time sometimes and online learning was great.
The presentation of this course was stellar! I think it caters to all learning types (visual, auditory, etc). There are lots of additional resources included which boost understanding of each topic. There was no dull moment.
This was the most difficult and yet rewarding course yet. The reading time is not accurate but its worth all of it! I wish Professor Bloom would do many courses here. Absolutely recommend to anyone curious about psychology.
Professor Bloom made me fall in love with the subject, so much so that I looking to pursue a degree in the field. I couldn't have asked for a better person/teacher to introduce me to this wonderful and fascinating Subject...   
Excellent course!!! The lectures are very very interesting!  I enjoyed this course a lot!  The animation is fun! Bloom is very easy to follow! This course is really important for everyone! Thanks for this course so much!!!
"This is  basic course on psychology but I enjoyed studying it as it allowed me to understand the studying of Psychology. I think many learners will take advantages of this 
course for themselves, their study or work they do. "
Es un gran curso para adentrarse en los estudios de la conducta y la mente. Paul explica y ejemplifica bien cada uno de los temas abordados. Quisiera que las lecturas pudiesen ser traducidas directamente desde la plataforma.
It is a great start to climb the big tree of psychology. The format is quite fascinating yet precise. Prof. Bloom has done a great job in compiling such a vast sea into a stream for first-timers. Thank you, much appreciated. 
I absolutely LOVED this course. Paul is a great professor that put the classes perfectly together in an interesting manner. I definitely learned more about psychology with this course and I fully recommend it to everyone :)
It was simply amazing to take the Course, for the Professor was really engaging, the examples were relatable and easy to understand and the overall understanding of psychology, its fundamentals, has become quite clear, now. 
Truly a wonderful course to give the best overview of Psychology. I love how Prof. Bloom explained everything so well. I would definitely recommend to anyone who is interested in this subject. You will not be disappointed.
Fabulous course, well taught, and some very interesting helpful information in all of the 6 weeks. Im so glad I signed up for this course and will be on the look out for the next Psychology course taught by this professor. 
I learned a lot and I will continue enhancing my knowledge about psychology thanks to recommended reading materials! Thank you very much for such a great course, interactive videos, and thought-provoking research findings.  
Paul Bloomer's teaching methodology should be implemented for other courses to stimulate interest in vital fields of the modern world. It was a pleasure to have such an insightful professor as my mentor during the course.
Great introduction to psychology, Prof. Blook certainly helped me understand the extend of what psychology covers, the course was easy to take, the reading material provided additional depth. Very happy with the outcome!
I am so happy I started using Coursera to learn new things. In particular, i'm very impressed with this course "Introduction to Psychology" and professor Bloom especially. Great and memorable 6 weeks, thank you for that!
I really enjoyed the course. It was interesting. I think I learned a lot and this is not my first encounter with psychology. But still I was able to find something new and a lot of things made me thinking. Thank you. :-)
I enjoyed joining this online course. As someone who doesn't have any background with psychology, I can digest all the materials with ease. All thanks to "Introduction to Psychology" from Yale University's online course. 
Great course! The animations in the videos made the lectures very engaging. Professor Bloom did a great job explaining the concepts and I've come out of the course with a better foundation on the topics about psychology. 
I loved this course! The style of the animation really kept me interested and I honestly feel like I got a lot out of it. The professor is very respectful and is great at explaining everything in a way that makes sense.
This is an excellent introductory course that dwells on a lot of fundamental, interesting questions and ideas. I found it very useful and insightful. It is absolutely worth your time if you know nothing about the field.
Every lecture was really informative.  There was one or two items in every lecture that a wrestled with as they didnt seem to hold in my or my peers' lives. Loved the format...I think it really helped with the learning. 
Professor Bloom did a terrific job of putting forth to us the course of introduction to psychology. The lectures were very interesting and animated content made it, a  fun experience. Thank you so much, Professor Bloom.
Really well put together course. A great introduction to psychology, glad I took this online and not at my university. Not too long of a course with multiple additional readings if you are interested in a certain topic!
The detailed knowledge that this course covers it immensely amazing. I'm thankful for taking this course. And special thanks to the professor Pauls Bloom for your enthusiasm throughout the classes that I really enjoyed
An engaging and thoughtful introduction to a wide variety of topics in the field of psychology. My only complaint is that Dr. Bloom doesn't have any more advanced courses listed here. And I LOVED the animatied format!
It is a very complete and quite enriching course for people who did not have full knowledge on the subject but a great interest in being able to obtain accurate information from qualified professionals on the subject.
Professor Bloom's very knowledgeable about what he teaches. I've learned so much about psychology because of this course, but I can tell that I've just scratched the surface. I can't wait to learn more in the future.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. The lecturer was very engaging and explained topics well. Love the effort put into animation and sound effects. Will actually miss watching these lectures. Definitely giving 5 stars :)
Engaging and informative! The professor does a marvelous job taking such a broad and complex topic and condensing it down to six weeks of lectures. It has helped me decide if Psychology is something I want to pursue. 
Most of the major concepts in the field of psychology has been explained by Professor Bloom in a clear cut manner that in a way encourages us to look within ourselves and make us a better person as per one's ability.
A really fascinating introduction to psychology, including everything from the fundamentals, through to complex themes such as mental health, prejudice and happiness. Very enjoyable lectures which are well presented. 
Not only was this course thoroughly engaging, but the variety of psychology fields discussed allowed a well-rounded introduction to the discipline and the ability to further investigate the field that interests you. 
I thoroughly enjoyed this course largely due to Dr. Bloom's teaching style. It was fun and exciting, learning about Psychology and I am certainly focused on more studies focused on the subject of cognitive behavior.
My very first online course. I learned a lot and I am looking forward to taking more courses on Psychology.Thank you Paul Bloom and Yale University for making this course available to people seeking more knowledge.
Paul was an amazing instructor, animated in the way he spoke, engaged, and passionate about Psychology. This is my first course, and I would love to take another course from Professor Bloom! He does not disappoint!
An engaging, in-depth, yet simply explained, overview of the broad field of psychology! Thoroughly enjoyed and I would highly recommend to anyone who hasn't done psychology before but is looking to study it more :)
Thank you so much for this introductory course. I will definitely review some videos every now and again as a refresher. You have mentioned some incredible and useful information that I can use in my everyday life. 
Really, I absolutely enjoyed taking this course! Professor Paul Bloom did an incredible job explaining the course material and providing additional reading materials to further my knowledge throughout this course.
Excellent course for a beginner like me. I will definitely revise this course afterwards since I don't want to forget the content in this course. The course is very valuable. Thank you for such a beautiful course. 
Prof Bloom is a very engaging and  enlightening teacher he makes the course very in teresting with references to movies and songs and current topics. Thanks for the very good lectures and notes and references Sir
Best online course I've ever taken and one of my precious finds during the pandemic lockdown. Every lecture is enthralling and the recommended readings are very informative. This course deserves a 5+ star rating. 
This has been a very valuable and well worth period of study it has provided me with not just an overview or awareness level of Psychology but has now started a bit of a fire in my wanting to learn more.Mike Begg
Lovely and Lively. An excellent showcase of introductory psychology. Couldn't think of better introductory psychology course than this. And the two sentences with which the Professor ends this course is so warm.
Comprehensive introductory courses to various domains of psychology. Prof Bloom is excellent and his video lessons are supported by helpful visuals to memorize a rich content; additional resources also provided.
This is a great course that is easy to follow. It covers a wide range of all sorts of psychological topics and I can recommend this to anyone looking to dip their toes into the experience of studying Psychology. 
Simply amazing! Not once I felt like I was getting bored with the course. Mr Bloom must be the most didatic, patient and well informed teacher I ever had in an online class. Simply fantastic. Kudos from Brazil! 
For someone who wanted a glimpse of what psychology is, this course gave me  a brief overview of psychology.  The reading materials and suggested articles provide more knowledge on discussed topics in lectures.
This was a very nice course. I came to know about so much things in Psychology. Previously I don't have knowledge about psychology but completing this course makes me interested for further studying Psychology. 
This was a really fun and engaging course. The animated lectures were great and all of the content was fascinating. As an intro class, I was surprised by both the depth and breadth of the information presented.
Awesome  experience! I learnt a little about the mind and its connection  with our body and life ,without  harming my brain. Thank you for your insightful lectures. I going to cherish this for a long long time. 
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I am now fascinated with this subject and looking forward to further learning. Thankyou for an interesting and well presented course. I could listen to professor Bloom all day! 
This is probably the best course to start your journey in psychology, professor bloom covers every aspect and topics of interest with amazing content and lecture, highly recommended. Thank you professor bloom.
The course was interactive. It gave good idea and understanding about the basic psychology as well as few points in dept. The videos and readings were informative and it kept engaging me throughout the course. 
Really excellent course giving an overview of many different areas of psychology. Very engaging lecturer -and the animation worked really well. Would recommend for people with minimal background in psychology. 
Thanks and I really appreciate all the valuable information shared on this course. It has given a broader insights into what psychology is all about. I have gain so much from such a short yet effective course. 
An excellent course with an incredible teacher. Both the way classes are held and the videos are of a giant quality. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for more knowledge about psychology and its history.
It's an extremely helpful course for those who are studying the topic and for those who just what to learn more about the human mind and there behaviors. It's a complete introduction worth of giving it a try.  
This course taught me things that I never thought I was capable of learning in the most imaginative way possible. I would highly recommend it to anyone who as an interest in psychology or curiosity in general
This course was very thorough and engaging. It was flexible with my schedule and wasn't overly time consuming. Overall, it was definitely worth the time and investment. I was so impressed and would recommend!
I'm a senior citizen and this is my first experience with an online class. I enjoyed the class, I'm looking forward to choosing my next. Thanks for making these classes free for those of us on a fixed income.
Thank you for providing this incredible course free of charge.  The quality of the teaching is exceptional, I have learned so much and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Paul, you are an absolute super star. 
  I really love the way the course is explained,  clear and easy to imagine and picture  out the situations. The author is very professional and speaks slowly making space for  better understanding the lessons.  
As I am a beginner i find this course as my first step and i feel pretty confident about the things i have learnt and i can do my research in my interested area for more knowledge. It felt nice to the course,
Greatly though out and interesting, the professor is current, engaging and funny and his choice of the TED talk videos was on point! Plus, true to the teachings, a great ending to the whole course :) Thanks!
I enjoyed the course. The lecturer has a pleasant voice, and the manner of delivering information was engaging. Although English is not my mother tongue, I did not have any issues with grasping the material.
Great intro courseVery nicely done in form of engaging animationPaul keeps it very interesting, easy to follow and educationalHighly recommend for anyone interested in introductory type of psychology courses
Dr. Bloom is certainly a great teacher who knows how to organize such a broad field into a course containing all the core information that is necessary for a newbie to get a grip of psychology. It was great!
This course is basic, but really engaging and give new knowledge or refresh it. Helpful for life and understanding yourself, people, and how do we live in society.Thanks a lot to Yale University!Five stars!
Outstanding course for anyone who is interested in the field or wants to starta career or further their education. Paul Bloom is very educational and delivers each lesson with thorough professionalism. 5/5!
This course was fantastic. Super engaging Professor and fantastic illustrations to help convey key concepts. If you are looking for an accessible introduction to Psychology I strongly recommend this course.
Thanks Paul and the team at Yale. I thoroughly enjoyed and learnt so much from this course. The different mediums If communication were exactly what enabled me to learn so thoroughly. Thanks so much again.
Took this class to help pass the time during quarantine and now have found my self questioning where I go from here, as I am thirsty for more! Very engaging and kept me wanting to to read more into it all.
I really enjoy this course, I love the way that professor booom teach this course. I was able to understand the whole course. I think that every resource that we used for this course was very well prepared
very engaging , informative and inquisitive. i was interested and fascinated throughout. Amazing to understand overall ideas and concept. Professor is very engaging and elaborate through out. Excellent !!
I expected to receive a comprehensive view of the field of psychology, so that I could identify areas that interest me and delve into them. The course delivered that in an interesting and engaging manner.
It is a very engaging and a very interesting course. The faculty is great as well as the videos and the readings. I really like the course. It gave me a broader understanding of foundations of psychology.
All information was well presented and written.  I've always had an interest in psychology, and taking this course was the right decision.  My knowledge on this subject has expanded a million.  Thank you. 
Excellent course, introduction to psychology, that captivates the mind to expand knowledge about all branches of Psychology. I appreciate this opportunity and I hope to continue online with you.Thank you.
it was a great satisfaction for me in completing this course, I highly recommend it to anyone with interest in psychology or human disorder. the course will help you discover so many things about yourself
I like the way how  prophesier explains the topics. I have computer bachelor degree in science and this field is new to me, after 2 weeks of this course, I'm interesting to get more courses like this one.  
I love that I had the opportunity to have a taste of ivy league school education. These lectures were incredible and the artwork that brings the lectures to life were above and beyond. A terrific course.
Awesome! I have learned a lot, information Is well organiced and perfectly presented. Topics were really accurate for someone like me that wants to have a first approach yo pshicology science. Thank you!
Well, this course was very exceptional in its kind. Thank you, Sir Paul Bloom, for presenting Psychology subject in such a great way. Hats off to this platform for giving us opportunity to learn more :') 
One of the best courses I have taken on Coursera so far. I loved the animation videos used and the knowledge of the professor and his style of teaching in the form of storytelling was really impressive.
I found the course very well designed and taught. I particularly enjoyed the graphics used. Explanations where always clear and with the right amount of detail. I like the course very much! Thank you!!!
It is an excellent course on Psychology. For people like me, who know nothing about it, it is a wonderful way to enter the amazing world of mind, behaviors and great thinkers in the field of Psychology.
This course was informational and enlightening. I feel what I have been taught has enhanced my knowledge of psychology. It's also not too challenging but not easy either, so it's completely stress-free.
Professor Bloom just made psychology a dozen times simpler to understand. I come from a non-psychology background and for me the experience was phenomenal ,educative ,calming and precise.Thank you sir.
Great, in-depth material. Highly recommend if you need a refresher into psychology, are interested in the fields of psychology or just want to understand what psychology is in it's many diverse fields. 
Great class! Very comprehensive, knowledgeable professor with a ton of great resources. I would highly recommend taking this course if you'd like a comprehensive, accessible introduction to psychology.
Prof. Bloom is a charming tutor. His simple language and easy to grasp voice makes this course great for beginners. I also want to appreciate the animator who's behind this exceptional work. Great job!
Fantastic course. Clearly thought through and laid out, and the animations are a blast. And I think it was actually narrated in a lecture hall, which adds to the overall experience. Highly recommended.
Thoroughly enjoyed learning the course. Learnt many simple psychological based analysis. "Happiness" module is the one, which made me realize what I'm. Thanks to the Instructor and the Yale University.
Pretty compact but well-delivered course that introduces many of the fundamental concepts and is filled with lots of cool examples. It doesn't have boring stuff, and I was hooked from start to the end.
this course was an eye opener in terms of how the human minds functions. made me understand the psyche of the same. Together with the video and examples based on the topics made it an interesting read. 
The course was really good but I felt that the last session regarding to happiness was not as deep as the rest of the course. I feel we can learn much more of that... it was a bit shallow at the end. 
Excellent course for an introduction to the world of psychology. It's a shame there isn't enough time to deepen into some of these topics, such as psychology or mental illness, which are fascinating.
I cannot wait to enrol for my next course !! I feel like a different person, much more enlightened and educated. I cant begin tot hank the designers of this course and our very sweet professor Bloom. 
I highly recommend this course to anyone willing to understand about the basic history and origins of psychology, scientific approach but full of insights and inspiration to go further in the matter. 
Very helpful information for basic knowledge in psychology. I never learned the Psychology subject as I am an Economics graduate but I truly enjoyed this course. Thank you, Paul and Yael university.
This course is very interesting. I enjoyed it so much. This is my first psychology course, I leant so many wonderful facts about psychology. thank you very much...Prof.bloom is very good instructor.  
This is my third course in Coursera. Best of all three! The subject matter, Professor Bloom and animated class were all equally interesting. I never lost interest for a second. Please bring Part II.
This course is fantastic for people who wants to get a better understanding of psychology overall. If you're one of those, you'll realize that psychology goes way beyond of just Clinical Psychology. 
This course matched my recall (1993) of Intro Psych. I took the course to review new ideas in the field. Knowledge of the existence of Cognitive Enhancement Therapy made this course worth the time.
Incredible, professor Bloom explains in a way that makes you want to learn more and more! Awesome, everybody needs to take this course for life, it opens your mind to a new world of possibilities! 
Your one stop destination to get to know all the basics to psychology and to explore the works of Freud and B.F Skinner, along with other famous psychologists. Completely engaging and informative.
Excellent course, very interesting for psychology fans like me, who find myself studying another career. I loved the scientific and professional approach it offers, and the very complete materials
I like this online course very much and also the explanation given by Professor Paul Bloom. Thank you for University Yale in giving me the opportunity. Thank you for Professor Paul Bloom's effort.
Thank you so much for the lovely insights... I love the format and the approach that you had taken.. Then examples make the concepts easier and the additional reading material gives great insights 
Paul Bloom is an excellent professor and this course is a triumph! I enjoyed the thorough overview of psychological ideas and the art that accompanied the lectures only made them more compelling! 
Thank you Prof. Bloom for this engaging course, I have learn a great deal of it and look forward to seeing similar format for immediate and advanced psychology course on this platform. Thank you. 
it was an amazing platform for the beginners who want to know the basics of psychology. I am so glad I found this at the right time and I'm grateful to coursera for giving us such an oppurtunity.
The course was very helpful to understand all aspect of life that happens on the daily bases when dealing with others.It really got me motivated to continue learn more about Psychology.Thank you.
I am not a psychology student, but I am pursuing psychology as a hobby. This course made my psychology classes much more interesting and interactive. I thank professor for this wonderful course. 
Great program.......this was opening my mind to things that were wonderful. The pace was good and allowed me to complete this course within my available free time...Thanks a million, Professeur.
Wow! This course was very interesting, the way Professor Bloom arranged the lectures and simplified them made understanding the course quite easy. This was a good way to spend the covid-19 break
An amazing opportunity for me to learn about psychology in such a simple and  clear manner.Nice platform for those wanting to enhance their analytical ability and polish their abstract thinking
The most engaging lecturer I've ever had, regardless of it being completely online. Strong content provided, engaging videos and descriptive readings overviewing topics and case studies. 10/10.
It was an great experience and a great course, I thank you Yale and professor Paul for such a course.I got to learn a very good base of psychology and Im pretty sure it would help me in future 
This course was engaging, helpful, inspiring, educational and I loved every minute of it. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Psychology, this course was truly amazing.
A very engaging course from one of the best universities of the world. I liked the professor manner of teaching. The last surveys were mentioned in the course, which is great. Highly recommend! 
This course is very good for beginners. It introduces basic concepts and views in the field, in a very friendly way. I am not majoring in psychology but I still found it interesting and useful.
Dr. Paul Bloom is a great instructor and expert in the field of psychology. I understand the topic better and was able to relate all topics he discussed to the real-world scenarios and events.
Paul is awesome. The organization of the material, the way Paul explains and presents it, and the visual aids, the animation combined to make an excellent and easy to digest course. Thank you
This course has given me the foundation to Psychology. Professor Bloom's instruction and guidance is thorough, easy to understand, the knowledge provided by the course is basic and receptive.
Very informational course! I would recommend anyone to take it as long you are interested in psychology. The information is put into mostly bite-sized videos which makes it easier to consume.
The lectures were really easy to follow and understand with very good examples supporting the lessons. The simple animated videos were great, with pictures and sounds supporting the lectures.
No matter what field you're on, this course will give you a better insight of what's going on inside people's minds and how they tend to behave with respect to what is happening around them.
Loved the course... easy to understand. Its a great way to identify the next steps you want to take on the branch of psychology.. using the cartoonish method was marvelous and surprising... 
Great beginner's course, and great professor. I am definitely more excited about psychology and i believe everyone should study the foundation of it. It is a necessity for our life journey.
The course designed was very helpful as it allowed me to know in-depth about many topics, and Professor Bloom also explained many of the topics by giving really good and relatable examples.
One of the best courses that I have done online till date.  I would surely recommend this course to anyone who are interested and curious to get a brief idea about the basics of psychology.
This was my first course on Coursera and also on Psychology. I found it both intense and rich, I am so glad I took the course. The trainer was engaging. I give the course delivery 5 stars.
The course materials were very interesting and explained in a very easy manner by Professor Bloom. Overall, had a great experience learning this course and getting started with Psychology.
I have the bigger picture of Psychology, now I can decide which branch of Psychology suits me, I have looked into Under Graduates courses for Social or Organisational Psychology, let's go!
The professor was very clear and concise in his lectures and gave us an excellent introduction to psychology, while also giving us many good examples and findings from the psychology field
Great course! Prof. Bloom is really a great teacher. Learned a lot about human psychology through this course which added up gaining more knowledge and curiosity about this field of study.
it was wonderful learning about psychological aspects of our lives with DR.PAUL. Every point was covered and i liked the classes which considered topics like emotion and mental disorders.
I really love this course. I can spend my life better than before and I know that something wrong with my brain then I went to check with the doctor. Thank you so much for all knowledges.
This course is much more than that I thought of a mere Psychology class.All the fundamentals are explained well enough and overall I believe I made the right decision to join this course.
The more we look at the human brain and how it works from a serious scientific point of view, the more we appreciate its complexity, its uniqueness and its beauty. And I can't agree more.
A lot of abundant content and useful materials. Great and well-articulated concepts. It'd be even better if more real-live examples or daily examples are used to illustrate the concepts.
I enjoy professor Bloom's lecture very much. The contents are well structured and comprehensive. Professor Bloom also delivers the lecture in a fun and comfortable way. Highly recommend!
I really enjoyed the course, the professor it's great, the graphics in the videos are awesome and I consider that I learned a little bit more about psychology and I fall in love with it.  
I really enjoyed this course. The simplicity as well as detailed-oriented nature has propelled me to want to further my knowledge of psychology. Thank you Prof Bloom and Yale University.
Estoy encantada, todo perfectamente explicado y las lecturas complementarias son excelentes. El profesor hace muy amena la clase, en especial por las animaciones. MUCHAS GRACIAS POR TODO
It was my first time taking an on-line course and it was fantastic.  Thank you so much now I think I can further my education on-line.  I just hope everybody is as good as our professor.  
It was a really good overview of psychology. I was alway interessted in pychology but never did any courses before. For me it gave a idea of what I like to learn/focos next. Good videos. 
Loved the way course is formatted. Professor was engaging, but listening to the same voice in every lecture is kind of boring. additionally, Subtitles need to be improved in some places. 
Excellent course for beginners. Prof. Blooms lectures are very interesting, engaging and his wonderful style of sharing the knowledge with examples and animations is really commendable.
Awesome! Great foundation to work from if you want to begin a journey understanding your own mind or the minds of others. The start of a path to self discovery and psychology education.
I really enjoyed this course. It is interactive enough even though it was taught online and for most part of it theories had been accompanied with examples to help better understand it.
Excellent! Great videos, easy to understand and well constructed. A great basic overview of the field of Psychology for any one interested in a career or just for general interest sake. 
Very thorough and engaging course to give students a clear insight into the world of psychology. It has encouraged me to read more books and watch movies recommended by Professor Bloom.
Really interesting, informative, and engaging!  A good course that will certainly make you absorb new information thoroughly! Well constructed course and incredible learning experience!
Very informative video lectures, not tiring at all, exactly the opposite. Grounded on current research and many relevant fields in the area, not just the clinical or mental-health ones.
Very interesting course. Never thought it could be so relevant to our life. To understand some psychology obviously is good for our life. Thanks a lot for giving us such a great course. 
Amazing, attention-catching, interactive, interesting and well-covered in-depth most central topics of psychology for those interested in taking up higher degree studies on the subject.
This was amazing course, I enyoyed every minute of it, proffessor Bloom was very enganging, woud recommend it to anyone. Great experience, one woud benefit my carier and personal life. 
best course I've ever had! I feel like I've learned lots of things and it opened my mind to some stuff I never thought of. The professor is amazing, and he explained everything easily.
Course content covering all the required topics of psychology was great and all the sessions from Professor Bloom were fantastic. Very interesting and loved every bit of it. Thank you. 
Very interesting and helpful to get an overview of what psychology is. If you are interested take it! It'll help you identify what you're most interested in when it comes to this area. 
I absolutely loved this course, I have wanted to study psychology for awhile but wasn't sure which one interested  me more.. This course is perfect for finding out what you want to do!
The first timers would see it as a very engaging and interesting field to take in knowledge about. The Professor explains in a very simple and interesting way with plenty of examples. 
What a fantastic course! I loved how the lectures were both visually and auditorily engaging. I have not felt such motivation to study like this for a long time. Thank you Paul Bloom!
Fantastic course. The instructor has succeeded in entertaining us with the basic aspects of psychology and creating a sense of genuine interest amongst us to study more elaboratively. 
Amazing course, one of the first courses I've taken in psychology. It has completely changed my view of the world and Professor Bloom is wonderful, he explains everything really well.
Very precise, to the point. I think this course is an amazing medium to learn more about the working human mind and to just understand yourself and others in a way you haven't before.
I recommend everyone (even those who are from fields unrelated to psych) to go through this course. It just explains and gives insights about a lot of factors involved in everything.
It's was an amazing course. I learnt so many things from this course. Actually it is a dream become true. Thank you professor for teaching it more interestingly. Once again thank you
Its great course with simple understandable explanations for a variety of topics in psychology. I would highly recommend it to any one who is interested to start learning psychology.
Thoroughly enjoyed the lecture. It brought me so much insight in many aspects of my life, past, present and future. The professors love and enthusiasm about the topic is contagious. 
Really enjoyed this course and professor, much more structured than a course I recently took online with Harvard, also really enjoyed the lectures from Professor Bloom, very engaging
Happy to have an insightful introductory approach to the vast field of psychology.This will help me to think more reasonably to analyse how our mind works and the sole outcome of it.
Excellent, I recommend to all the people interested in psychology it'll give you some basic knowledge that after this you can go deep and that the basics to explore some themes more.
thank you for professional introduction about psychology, combing our real life and practical experience. Through this course, I can work with several effective tips about education.
Thank you for this beautiful, well organized course. It covers essential parts in the field of psychology and motivates me as well to pursue a degree. Highly recommended to everyone!
Introduction to Psychology by Yale university was a good and helpful course for me. I learned more ideas through this course. It will help me in my learning and career perspectives. 
Very informative course for the ones who want to deepen the knowledge in psychology. All contents transmitted captivatingly. Animated videos with subtitles that facilitate learning.
Loved the course. So much new information to think about. Although I won't pursue a career in psychology, the knowledge I received will be definitely valuable at some point of life.
This course provides great insights with meaningful arguments and readings. Anybody who wants to start from somewhere wrt to Psychology should definitely go for this online course. 
I have explored many things ,which is quite interesting and fun about psychology.I beleive that my learnings from this course can cultivate my knowledge and will help in my career.
The videos, accompanied by the readings, extra sources and videos really gave me a good grounding in the basics of the subject. Very interesting and engaging the whole way though! 
I learned quite a lot about the basics of Psychology, my understanding in Training and Coaching people on their communication skills have now a deaper meaning and stronger impact.
I think everyone who took a part in the creation of this online course did a wonderful job, and a special thanks to the professor who was truly engaging and very fun to listen to. 
Amazing course! The videos and readings are very relevant and Prof. Bloom was the best instructor with his simple examples and sense of humour. Thank you for this quality course!
What an interesting course. It has motivated me to read more about psychology and related topics. Professor Bloom was wonderful, always talking to the point.  Highly-recommended!
I am very happy to have acquired my certificate in Introduction to Psychology, I will keep on taking more online courses using the Coursera learning platform.Thank you PROF BLOOM
It was amazing! This course helped me to understand my children, my partner and even me. I'm completely amazed by Psychology. It was the most interesting course I have ever had!
This course was quite useful for me.It gave me some encouragement to face the problems.It helps to come out of fear and face the life with courage.it improves our mental health.
There was never a dull point in the course. Professor Bloom was successful in giving a comprehensive overview of the subject by keeping it interesting and insightful throughout. 
i enjoyed this course ! the only frustration is cannot figure out how to get the certificate...would love to continue taking courses ,by obtaining certificates , need guidance!
Very insightful course! I would definitely recommend it as it is well explained and uses a wide array of examples and videos to clarify the trickiest aspects of the discipline.
Packed full of great information with a sprinkle of humor taught by a professor with a wonderful voice.I hope he has more classes and recommend this class to anyone interested. 
 I believe this course will help me to understand and treat my patients better and ease their life.  Thank you, Dr Paul Bloom and Coursera for this opportunity. Dr Alvin (India)    
Very interesting course, very well prepared, with interesting, well prepared and detailed materials and videos. A lot of new things or new information for already known things.
Nice course, It was a nice learning experience for the new topic and very interesting lectures. Thank you very much for the instructor to gave a awesome lectures and materials. 
I was searching for more of professor blooms and found YouTube lectures, completed them too . Mr bloom is a great teacher . I learned a lot and carving for more.Thank you Sir. 
este es el mejor curso que he visto! explica todo tan bien, los materiales son tan entretenidos, aunque este en secundaria, pude entender el curso al 100% muchisimas gracias!
The course was very informative and It will help an individual to learn about psychology on an introductory level which will build the base of his further study in this field.
Loved this course. Professor Bloom is knowledgeable, animated and interesting. This course was a pleasure to follow as well as a key component in my career change. Thank you !
This course is amazing.  I have always wanted to study Psychology and this has been a fantastic way to learn so much, over a short period of time.  Professor Bloom is awesome!
to be honest without going to this class i wouldnt have know that those crazy thought thats been going around in my head, those question.. people have done research on it. lol
it's a really a good course for introduction and the way professor tell the knowledge and story is really interesting ,so i learn it well and get more interseted in psychology
the course was easy and very easy to understand the methods was clear and it was a fun course i will encourage everyone who need to learn in dept about psychology to take it   
The visuals all throughout the course kept me extremely engaged and wanting to learn more each day. The content which would usually be boring was put in an enjoyable format.
Has some pacing issues with the reading and a lot of info wasn't test relevant in the clinical section but all and all it was great for understanding psychology a bit better
It has been the best course I've taken so far in this learning platform, I enjoyed it very much and grew fond fo the professor and his descriptive and well thought examples.
The professor is extremely descriptive and the examples that he uses are extremely helpful. I learned so much in this course and I believe this has helped me for the future.
Animations are very well organized to emphasize the critical points. Especially who are not native English users. These helps us to understand clearly the main idea. Thanks
This is no doubt the best course ever, it changed my entire perspective of studying and psychology, i was able to learn comfortably, I wish to find more such courses ahead.
This was my first course via Cousera and I absolutely loved it. I learned so much about psychology and about myself. The videos and readings were both excellent. Thank you!
Amazing. I had never studied psychology before and now I feel I have a overall understanding of most if not all areas of psychology. Very well explained and easy to follow. 
I loved it! Very intresting and relevant info, even for a person who has no previous knowledge/education in psychology. Very well structured and easy to understand lectures
It is such an interesting course, it's takes into context everything pertaining to psychology and how it affects us. Teaching method was great, easy to understand. Nice one
This is an amazing class that i recommend to everyone. With the tone of knowledge and professional of teaching skills. I do like the information and the way we learn. GOOD!
Great Introduction to Psychology and delivered in a very informative manner that supports different learning styles. I wish all universities delivered content in this way.
It was really a good experience in joining this course i have learnt a lot from psychology,mental illness and about social skills so i would say it was amazing experience.
Really enjoyed the course. The extra reading material was a wonderfull extra. It has also given me a good basic understanding, and the pathway to my next lecture.Thank you 
It was a great course. Professor Bloom's engaging style and visual reference helped me a lot in understanding the overall content of the course. It was a nice experience. 
Great course. Nice experience. Best use of my time during lockdown period.Special thanks to Prof. Bloom and Coursera for providing free access to such a wonderful course.
Fantastic course and professor who makes the course relevant and easy to understand. 10/10 recommend this course to anyone who wants a better understanding of psychology.
It's an interesting course, the lectures are captivating. The way the lectures are done is creative. The material covered is just what you need as a newbie to psychology. 
I was thinking about changing my career. And Professor Bloom definitely helped me to love psychology even more and to consider it as my new career!It was very interesting 
Prof Bloom is so fluid in explaining all the concepts. The different aspects of psychology covered are practical and condensed. Really happy that i took up the course :) 
I've taken a lot of psychology courses on coursera but this one is definitely the best, it briefly covers up everything and in really interesting, you want to learn more
So incredibly well taught, engaging, wonderful use of both animation and real life images and videos. Professor was easy to follow and understand. 10/10 would recommend. 
Great course! Always had an interest on this branch, now I know better than ever! Nicely explained topics with everyday examples. Mr. Paul Bloom did great as instructor.
Very well articulated and helpful -- I am thrilled to be a part of this course. In addition, I am grateful for the generous financial aid to make my enrollment possible!
Brilliant course, I took my time on completing this course, It was effective to do it with a slow pace, It was a really great experience to learn it in an animated way.
I loved this course, even I have learned about this previously, I found the structure of the information very interesting, I liked the profesors style a lot and videos.
Good quality videos and reading materials, easy to understand, and very comprehensive. Overall, a good place to start learning for those who's interested in psychology.  
Itwas awsome  experience  for me.Also i never get a chance lik this.I am extremely happyThanks for the wonderful teachers for giving a beautiful class in simply method.
Really excellent - great intro to a fascinating field; Prof Bloom is terrific and I loved the animation/illustration. Really engaging and interesting - I learned a lot.
You will leave the course asking more questions and implementing your learnings into everyday life, there is an enigmatic touch to the lesson. I highly recommend it! :) 
Amazing lectures and perfect content coverage. I'm walking away with exactly what I hoped to get from that course: an overview of the key topics covered by Psychology.
This course is well structured. It explained interesting psychological topics in a memorable way. It definitely encourage me to enroll in an another next level course. 
Definitely a course worth taking for those interested to know about Psychology. The view and perspective increased to a whole new level after understanding the course. 
Extremely interesting introduction course which Professor Bloom made really engaging. It gave me the overview I was expecting about the different fields of psychology. 
Perfectly paced. Excellent animation. Likeable lecturing style from Paul. Highly recommend this for anyone has an interest in furthering their knowledge of Psychology.
The best course on Psychology. All the weekly contents are taught with clarity and in an entertaining fashion. Paul Bloom is the best psychology teacher in the world.
Introduction to Psychology by Mr. Paul Bloom from The Yale University was an amazing experience. I have learned countless lessons from this course. Thank you so much.
A very interesting course, taught by a good teacher. I highly recommend taking that course to anyone who genuinely enjoys to learn the basic fondations of psychology.
Oustanding. A wonderful learning experience. Top-class instruction from Professor Paul Bloom coupled with outstanding video and reading resources. Highly recommended.
This course was brilliant. Professor Bloom was extremely engaging. It has definitely given me much to think about and can't wait to read some of the books mentioned. 
You ever ask yourself...do I want to pursue Psychology? Well how bout try it out for free!! This is an excellent stepping stone for anyone thinking about this field. 
This course is excellent and very much interesting. This course made me learn more about psychology. Thanks Dr.Paul for conducting this course in a wonderful manner.
I wrote my opinions as well as what i felt for the course, i am glad to find this course and would refer this course to everyone who is unaware of the subject domain
The professor is quite engaging and the quality of videos is good. Very easy to understand as the concepts are well explained. Satisfactory course to gain knowledge.
6 week course in Introduction to Psychology was an eye-opener!Videos and reading material complementing each other perfectly. Loved the course - waiting for Part 2.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Professor Paul Bloom gave excellent lectures and the reading material was very helpful. I can't wait to take another course! Thank
Very very interesting and modern course which touches on various types of psychology and their basic principles. I loved the animated presentation and the lecturer.
Enjoyed the lectures and reading material a lot . I and am very glad I came across this course . Insightful,  interesting and made me want to learn more and more . 
Professor Bloom is a great teacher. His lectures are very engaging and he uses examples to make concepts clearer. I was really sad to finish this course, actually! 
It's a very helpful course for understanding our daily lives I'm so glad to be part of this course... This is very easy to learn or understand various concepts...
Amazing course, the problem for me was the time of the lectures than the werent accurate but I love it anyway, really complete information and good explanations.
It's a really good course. All the content are super interesting and the professor is very engaging. I strongly recommend it as your first course in psychology :)
This course is fantastic! it taught me about every day life experiences, biological causes behind them, and some knowledge about human brain. Thank you very much.
I have passionate to learn Psychology because it was a part of my course in my MA in Education. I am so happy to be a part of the the course.Thanks to Prof. Bloom
This course Introduction to Psychology provides a first-class overview of the field of psychology. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in the matter. 
A really wonderful course for all who are interested in Psychology. Personally, I fell the knowledge discussed in this course is essential for all professionals.
I feel very grateful for this small course. Very insightful and enjoyable. Huge props to Prof. Paul Bloom and Coursera for enabling free, high-quality education. 
For anyone even slightly interested in Psychology, this is the best introductory course on the net! It is engaging and effective, definitely worth the six weeks. 
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It was the first online course I did and a great one to complete! Thanks for the great system layout and the content from Paul.
Honestly, I wish that I could give a rating of 10 out of 5 Stars for this most remarkable Course! My sincerest thanks to all who made this fine Course possible!
such an amazing course. i had learned a lot from it, the proffesor was great and so are the subjects. i really recommend it if you are interested in this field!
I really enjoyed this course. Prof Bloom is awesome, he is engaging lecturer. And the materials attached is very good and yet not too 'heavy' for the beginners. 
Amazing course to get an introduction to the topic! Engaging professor and good material! Recommend it to everyone who has even a little interest in psychology.
Really engaging and high quality lectures! Thought provoking! I learned a lot about human mind and how it functions, though I know I just scratched the surface!
I have learn't so much from this course and I highly recomend it.  It includes great material, book recomendations , engaging lessons and a fantastic professor.
A solid intro by a clearly very knowledgeable and kindly professor. I highly recommend this course to those wishing to gain an elemental foothold in psychology. 
Very good and broad introduction, with up to date information. Can't wait to have more courses from Paul Bloom, going deeper into specific subjects and notions.
Great course, very interesting, good content, including videos of experiments, TED talks, interesting and relevant optional readings. Thank you professor Bloom
It was a great course about psychology , it teach me a lot of insides about everyday life , feelings and yourself that you normally dont know or thought about.
Great, insightful and engaging overview of Psychology. Dr. Bloom is a knowledgeable and interesting professor and the format is original. I fully recommend it!
Great for a primer into psychology and its different aspects. Prof. Bloom is a godsend for folks who want to understand psychology without getting overwhelmed.
WONDERFUL COURSE WITH  PROFESSOR PAUL BLOOM . It was a very informative and enjoyable course . I enjoyed it very much and learned so much .Sincerely,Karen Cohn
Really loved the course. Clear explanations with interesting examples that stuck in the mind. The topics were engaging and thought-provoking. Thanks very much.
I feel privileged to take a course from a Yale University Professor and Researcher. It will be a wonderful experience. My best wishes to the skilled Professor.
very well structured, not too much material to feel overwhelming especially for people that also work full time! The videos are engaging and super interesting. 
The course was very interesting, helpful and overall very knowledgeable. It actually gave me an idea where I stand. I'm really happy about taking this course. 
It was an extremely engaging and enjoyable course. I am so glad that I have experienced this learning adventure and dived into the introduction to psychology.
I loved this class. It might just be an introductory course but I learned a lot from it and already use it in my thoughts on a regular basis. Great professor. 
Thoroughly engaging! Thank you to Paul and the team at Yale University for making the 'Introduction to Psychology' a learning experience I'll cherish forever.
The animated format made it really really interactive and interesting. The content discussed was also so interesting. Keep it Up! Loved completing this course
One of the best course out there on Coursera. The Contents are great, the instructor is great, the presentation is great, and the materials are very helpful.
Excellent, well organized - the instructor is knows his stuff and presents it well. I would take another class from this instructor. Very impressive, indeed. 
Wonderful intro to psych courses. Very easy to follow and well-structured. All the examples are great and help us to understand. Such a wonderful experience. 
Thank you Professor Bloom!The course is truly interesting, great explained, very well designed and you get a great insight into the wide field of psychology. 
I enjoyed the course because I learn a lot of things about psychology and I coud practice my English. The teacher Paul Bloom was magnificent. Thanks Coursera 
I have learnt so much in this course as a beginner and thinking to study another course which relatives to human behaviour and mental health. Great lecturer. 
Professor Bloom is very engaging and knows how to capture and keep a student's attention - even though it's an online course and you're talking to an Avater. 
As a beginner to Psychology, This course was great and useful, and introduced several concepts.The presentation , the time for each lesson  are well designed 
Wonderful! I just wish that the lectures were longer and more detailed. I wish that the articles could be made into lectures. Thank you for this opportunity.
The perfect introduction to anyone interested in taking up Psychology or just trying to understand why we do what we do as human beings in our everyday lives 
An amazing course. got to learn the basics of psychology and super easy to understand the content due to the video. A good amount of knowledge for beginners.
An excellent course. Kept my interest alive during the whole 6 weeks. It made me reflect on lots of things and made me to want to read more about this topic. 
Professor... you are amazing!  Thank you so much for sharing your expertise, such a unique presentation. 
The professor is engaging. Use of examples, experiments, additional notes and most importantly use of simple language makes it interesting and easy to grasp
Just the introduction I needed to Psychology. The course was excellently outlined and subdivided in a way that it's easy to follow, understand and remember. 
This course really gives you a complete overview of what psychology is. Very well explained and all major topics covered. Glad I took the course. Thank you.
It was an amazing experience. A lot of important information, simple accessible manner of presentation of the material, nice animation. Thank you very much!
I believe that through this course my mind has expanded although I am aware that because of the physical confines of my skull that is not actually possible.
It was a wonderful course I have ever taken. The content, videos, and speech are engaging, especially the professor is a very professional teacher, thanks! 
A very engaging course that provides a great foundation for the study of psychology, and related studies of the brain and mind. The professor is excellent!
This is the first course I have ever completed, but I think this course was super engaging regarding both the content and professor. Definitely recommend! 
Great!!!! I learned a lot during the course!!!!! The teacher's explanations and the format of the classes... fantastic!!!! I will certainly do others!!!!
This course was extremely wonderful the content was breathtaking and the instructor is a mind blowing and very knowledge person. Hail to professor Bloom.
insightful and well-produced. You could really see the effort the team did in making content for this course - from the lecture texts to the animations. 
Professor Bloom was very engaging, the course was fun and interesting and gave me the knowledge to begin my path of learning in the field of psychology.
Great course! Perfect beginning and introduction into the field. Thank you for such an amazing course. I hope this is the start of something big for me.
I love the way the course explored varied aspects of psychology with just enough needed information to learn and to spark an interest to pursue for more
Enjoyed the course. Videos well structured and engaging.Professor Bloom was great, I highly recommend this course if you have an interest in psychology.  
Aaah, his prof blooms voice is so soothing, I would say this the best introductory course, not that detailed but really interesting, thanks dr bloom....
Greatly designed course, really informative for a beginner like me.I really appreciate Prof Paul Bloom, Yale University and Coursera for this great work
I strongly recommend this course if you are interested in psychology. I found the professor very engaging and the video of experiments very interesting. 
I'm from Argentina. This course has helped me a lot, giving me some key concepts and global view about psicology. The teacher was great! I recommend it.
This course was much more complex than I expected it to be. Loved every minute and Professor Bloom is a gem. I am seriously considering further studies. 
It is a good course that helps me know more about Psychology. It can build up my knowledge in this area and it allows me to equip myself in other aspect 
Great course packed with recent and valid information. Prof Bloom was very engaging and managed to explain complex problems in very short and clear way.
An excellent course. The lecturer is great. Very good material. Nice and pleasant voice of the teacher and very good explanations. I enjoyed it so much. 
Well presented and interesting. The first parts can be a bit heavy but well worth the slog as you need the info for latter parts and they're fascinating
Really enjoyed the course. The topics the pace and the assessments were all brilliant. I wish if there was a next level course to continue to learnings. 
Excellent short but in depth introduction to psychology. The reading material is worthwhile and adds to the lectures instead of repeating the lectures. 
Truly a fascinating intro to Psychology. Exceptional lectures by Paul Bloom. Gives a solid foundation into the field of Psychology. Highly recommended. 
Professor Bloom is such a great lecturer , every single topics are not boring and easy to understand even for Thai student like me. Thank you Professor 
A great first approach to the field of Psychology. This course helped me make up my mind of whether or not pursuing a graduate programme in Psychology.
The professor was engaging and the lectures and readings exceeded my expectations, however readings tended to take much longer than the estimated time.
Great introduction! This course has very interesting examples and wild range of knowledge. Great design for the course presentation. Love this course!
Exceptional introduction to psychology as a concept! This course had such rich information and in such a good format. Highly recommended for all ages.
Great Course! I learned so much during the passed three weeks, and it let me know what is psychology as a science. I'll continue learning! Much thanks
Highly recommend this course to anyone who is just curious about the mind. It's worth every bit of your time. I'm truly sad it had to come to an end. 
I am quite happy to pursue this course. It gave me enough knowledge to be more inquisitive about this field of science. Thanks a lot professor Bloom. 
A very well structured and detailed course. would definitely recommend to people looking out to explore psychology as a subject and learn the basics. 
Highly satisfied with this course. Videos are easy to follow, but plenty of content.I love the scientific approach of the professor to every subject.
Loved it! It was a great introduction to the world of Psychology, it gave a very good overall understanding of the field. Would highly recommend it! 
This course is interactive, enriching, and exciting! As a younger person, I was able to understand and hourly enjoy this course. I highkey reccomend
Professor Paul Bloom walks us through a step by step process that provides  a very good understanding and an insight to the beginners of psychology.  
Absolutely fabulous. Concept building and correlating them with scientific data and day to day life made learning not only easier but enriching too. 
Great Course, it tells you so much about human psychology, not just for study purposes but for understanding people in all spheres in everyday life. 
It was an excellent course. This course helps you a lot to learn the basics of psychology and, along with this, feed your interest in learning more.
Professor Bloom provides a high-level review of the most important topics in the field of psychology, he is easy to understand and keeps you engage. 
An overwhelming experience , i'm very glad that i enrolled and completed such a fruitful course which is rich in knowledge and  interesting topics .
This course met completely my expectations. I am very satisfied and I can say most definitely that I got an overview of Psychology and its theories.
Excellent presentation by Professor Bloom, great additional readings, strong emphasis on scientific data, relatively short yet comprehensive course.
This course is very interesting, motivating and stimulating. I highly recommend it to people wishing to get an insight on what psychology is about.
I love the quality of lecture videos. Prof. Bloom is so great at explaining these concepts and really inspirational at the very end of this course.
Very nicely designed course for beginners. Gives an idea of the whole field which is helpful to the ones who further wants to continue the subject.
Mr. Bloom is an amazing teacher. Love the way he teaches. Looking forward to more such engaging courses. Thank you for such a wonderful experience.
Great course for beginners. Easy to understand material. The professor has done a great job of simplifying the concepts making them easy to follow!
I would highly recommend this course to anybody who wants to learn about psychology from an engaging professor who created easy-to-digest material. 
This course is so great! it taught about how your mind works. You will know more about psychology and more interesting aspects about these topics.
It was a really nice course. This course helped me to learn the basic psychology. This knowledge will be very beneficial for my future. Thank you.
It was well laid out. Easy to follow. I learned a lot. I loved the extra reading material included in the course. It gave me a lot to think about.
Very precise and brief introduction to our daily life psychology. Overall a great experience. Awesome quality videos and reading material.  Cheers
Very good as an introduction, objective yet still covering most of key aspects, allowing for further research depending on individual willingness. 
This course was excellent. It helped me to brush up all the basics of psychology once again and helped me in the preparation of competitive exams.
The professor's lessons were all clear and entertaining. The information was presented in such an unique way that memorizing it was not a problem.
My interest in Psychology just grew after taking this course! So, that speaks it all, I suppose. Thank You Prof. Bloom for such an amazing course.
This was really an engaging and interesting course! Professor Bloom is a really cool person and I hope to take more of his courses in the future. 
This course helped me get into depth with what psychology is and how is works. The videos are amazing and the resources were also really helpful.
It is an informative course with good extra articles to read, the lecturer is great! I'm grateful to everyone who created this course and videos. 
Incredibly engaging, super interesting and Paul is a wonderful lecturer. I loved this course and hope to continue learning more about psychology. 
The course and information presented were very detailed.  It was easy to keep up with and understand. I feel I now know the basics of psychology. 
Course structure is amazing. The way Paul Bloom explains stuff is just precise and engaging. This was my first course in Psychology. Enjoyed it.
I was studying business administration and this course caught me in a fascinating way now I am starting my new area of study which is psychology
Truly amazing! Very engaging way of presenting the material, easy to understand and very enjoyable! Covers a huge variety of fascinating topics! 
Very good courses. After taking the courses, I got a general understanding about psychology and I am getting more and more interested in it now. 
Professor Bloom asks probing questions that inspire really deep thoughts about psychology. This course blew me away for a beginning psych class.
I am pleased to be the part of this thoughtful journey and to be able to understand highly knowledgeable content. Many regards and Best wishes.
The best online course I've ever attended. Loved the videos and especially the enthusiastic Professor (his voice is so calm, loved it as well!)
Introduction  to psychology  is very nice we gain some knowledge about  the psychology. It is very important  to us as an engineering  students 
I learned quite a bit but will have to go back and read all the literature to gain more insight. Look forward to taking future courses. Thanks!
This course was a great introduction to psychology!! Very engaging and not boring at all! This professor should teach more courses on coursera.
The course was very interesting and fun. I learned a lot and big thank you to the professor. Very engaging lectures and exactly how i expected.
i had amazing experience with the course. i have always been interested in psychology and i am glad i took this up and gained so many insights.
Very well organized, enjoyable and insightful contents. It really is a way to show us the system of learning more about this particular topic.  
I loved this course. It makes me wanna know learn about psychology. Professor Bloom is engaging, presents points in a very interesting manner. 
Me siento muy satisfecha y agradecida, por la oportunidad que me han dado, para acceder a este maravilloso curso, Muchas Gracias y Bendiciones
Great course that cover the main points of the psychology, it does intrigue me to do more read up on the relevant psychology issues or topics.
A brilliant introductory psych course, with a really engaging lecture format, great supplementary materials and thought-provoking assessments.
thank you sir for all the knowledge,This course has certainly increased my curiosity of the human mind and lean towards psycology as a career.
This course was a great experience. Inspiring to learn more, sufficient depth to make you think about stuff differently, ... absolutely great!
I love this course. I admire Prof. Bloom, he taught us very inspired, motivated and wonderful. Hope to learn the advanced course in the future
very knowledgeable and much informative. I realized all introduction to psychology had/have the same topics. they just matter on the teacher.
Professor Bloom is amazing! He gives all the information and explains why each part is relevant and important intellectually and practically.
Overall very engaging introduction to psychology. Sometimes a bit superficial but hopefully this will provide though for further engagement.
Most interested vedio lecture and assignment quiz Very easy and more interesting reading so best topic this introduction to psychology......
I'd love to see more from Paul Bloom, not only is he an engaging professor I believe there is a lack in online lessons regarding psychology. 
Moderate pace, easy to digest, great analogies and examples, and good food for thought. A very well put together introduction to psychology.
Paul Bloom is fantastic. I would highly recommend this course to anyone. This was well worth the price and the schedule was very manageable. 
It's an amazing course that shows you the potential in psychological studies which is beautifully and expertly navigated by Prof.Paul Bloom 
Excellent course, gives a comprehensive understanding about the most basic knowledge of general psychology. Really worth taking the course.
A great course that leaves you with an immense amount of knowledge. This course develops skills that can be used in everyday circumstances.
Thanks so much professor Bloom for making this course memorable.I enjoyed every module lectures and videos. I really recommend this course.
Very engaging professor and assignment. Lectures are knowledge-packed and quizzes are simple and accurately and efficiently test knowledge.
Highly informative and changes your perspective. Adds value with the multi dimensional understanding of anything and everything around you. 
I always wanted to take Psychology as my Major. Well this is just a beginning so I am satisfied with the course materials and the lectures
The course was captivating and very helpful.I loved the way the concepts were explained with examples,videos and experiments.It was great.
An extremely engaging, interesting and fun course for beginners and covers all the key areas and keeps you wanting to come back for more!!
incredibly interesting and engaging. An outstanding initial insight into the inner workings of psychology and psychological perspectives. 
The course had exceed my expectations , Videos and presentations are really amazing. I will recommend this course to all of my friends...  
Very interesting and well structured . Covered all points as an introductory course. Very easy to engage and keep us addicted. Thank you!
It was my first time doing the online course so i didn't expect to be that good! i really like it and i think i will continue to do more!
Es un exelente curso, nos ha dejado con la inquietud de seguir explorando la mentepero ahora con unas bases cientificas muy pertinentes.
The lessons are highly interesting and thought-provoking. The professor has in-depth knowledge and manages to keep the lessons engaging.
Very Interesting. Excellent professor. Complete. Well organised. Motivating. Good combination of lectures by our professor and readings.
This course was great, Awesome overview of psychology. It helped me to decide which field of psychology I would like to explore further.
It was the best thing I did by taking classes during the lockdown .Best lecture ,and good course materials.thanks a lot Professor Bloom.
Excellent course, would recommend it to anyone who wants to know about the human brain and behavior as well as about the science itself. 
Excellent introduction to the science of psychology, covers all the basics and the professor is really good at explaining the concepts. 
It was an amazing experience! For a beginner like me, the course was very helpful and gave me a proper view of the field of psychology.
great course with vivid explainations of various concepts and theories, relevant source materials and excellent organisation of topics.
Really interesting content which was presented very well. A good general coverage of lots of aspects of psychology. I enjoyed it a lot.
I've learned a lot of things, I'm so grateful to you Professor. Bloom, I wish I were there in USA so that I can be a student for yours.
This course is really helpful in understanding human behaviour and thought process and learning how to improve them in our daily life.
I loved how the way of giving content was approached. In an interactive, simple and fun way made learning easy and pleasurable. Great!
Great course! The videos were mind blowing and the professor made the lectures understandable and interesting. I found it facisnating.
I truly enjoyed this course. Prof Bloom was engaging, the videos are wonderfully made and the content are very interesting. Thank you!
Wonderful! All I ever wanted from an Introductory course. I feel much more prepared for further delving in to the field of Psychology.
I loved the way this course was displayed, if its likeit was especially made for the most perfect assimilation through the minds eye!
Very good course, connection between Teacher, Content, Presentation and Sound are perfect! Learned a lot with this course, thank you.
It's the best course I have ever done...Thank you very much sir...I have learned a lot.....it thought me
An engaging, fun, fascinating, relatively easy introduction! Thank you for providing this course and for making it easily accessible. 
This course is excellent for students with  no prior experience in psychology and would like to take  a holistic view over psychology   
I love the instructors and learn a lot from them. Thank you so much for enlightening my knowledge and helping me to learn new things. 
Even if you don't know anything about psychology, you'll be surprised by the depth of knowledge in psychology you'll gain afterwards. 
it was an amazing course which made me understand a lot of things which i was unaware about. i am really glad i took up this course! 
Could not be more grateful for this incredible course. Professor Bloom is a great lecturer and the animations were simply beautiful.
I understand so many details and perspectives that might be applied in my own life. It was always interesting and clear. I love it.!
I thank Prof. Bloom from the bottom of my heart for making me understand the intricacies of the human mind and behaviour. God Bless!
Very productive and interesting course! I enjoyed watching all the videos, the idea of animation was great! Thank You for your time!
Really enjoyed this class.  The lectures/videos were highly engaging and informative.  Can't wait to delve further into the subject!
A great course for everyone! Very interesting lectures and self-study materials! I have your library on my list of recommended ones!
Great course! So many difficult and very interesting themes explained in a very simple, clear and understandable way.Thank You prof!
Extremely good articulation, presentation and the voice modulation kept me interested in the course to the end.  Thank you so much.
brilliant starting point and fantastic overview, easy segments and modules well put together. love the cartoon aspect of the videos
Excellent overview and introduction of the subject - I would highly recommend if you are thinking of studying Psychology long-term.
A good course to get into the concepts of Psychology. The video format is engaging and the additional reading materials are useful.
What a wonderful way to learn more about human beings, and what makes them tick, malfunction and what we can learn from each other. 
Good professor and teaching skills!Really worth for better understanding of the students. Course was really knowledgeableThank you!
Would definitely recommend if you are looking for a good introduction for Psychology to see whether or not it meets your interests.
Really interesting material, excellent lecturer. I found it concise and fascinating. Helpful in any job where you deal with people.
Probably the best academic course I have taken in my life .. and I have spent about 5 years in different Universities. Thanking you
Prof. Bloom is an amazing lecturer, and the course is so engaging. A must for anyone who wants to get into the field of Psychology!
Es una gran oportunidad y un excelente curso en donde aprendes muy bien y son grandes temas y maestros gracias por esta oportunidad
I am a beginner of psychology. This course is helpful. I will review this course to deepen my understanding and get my certificate. 
The knowledge is very detailed and thorough. However, I would like to see the real face of my lecturer rather than comic animations
A fascinating journey through the human mind - I learnt things that will affect my relationships, thinking and parenting decisions!
 Professor Bloom is very engaging. The video quality is exceptional. The additional sources have been provided to cater to our needs
Really informative and laid out a good foundation of the basic concepts, definitely thinking to pursue psychology for Bachelors!!!
I enjoyed the whole course, It was a good refreshed of my psychology knowledge,   I did my degree in education long ago. Thank you  
This was one of the best online courses I have ever taken up. Everything was explained and backed up with interesting experiments.
Every topic was higly interesting, and the way the professor explains it makes you so engaged that you don't feel the time passing 
Great course, a real door opener to the universe of Psychology. Highly recommended to anyone interested in learning more about it.
Really I learned about the basics of Psychology. I think it will be usefull if coursera includes psychology in depth. Thanking you
I was able to relate my real life with some of the professor explainations.This course is best for the introduction of psychology.
Amazing course with well constructed videos. Lecture's are easy to follow and keep the interest going. Not a moment of boredom. :)
This was my first course on COURSERA. I found this course quite informative, structured and methodical. I enjoyed the course much.  
The professor is highly engaging and their way of representing this course is so unique. I will recommend this course to everyone.
EXCELLENT COURSE MATERIAL AND BRILLIANT PROFESSORS. COURSE IS A GREAT HELP IN YOUR PERSONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LIFE. THANK YOU SIR.
I liked the teacher, he was really engaging. Also, the video format and lectures were interesting. I liked the course in general.
Detailed information were given.  Topics are discussed in a very specific context. Cognitively, the speaker's tone is motivating.
Insightful and informative course. I liked the use of animation to deliver the content in an interesting and entertaining manner.
Amazing ! Professor Bloom is very engaging and a total rockstar in the field of psychology . Can't wait to check his next course. 
Have LOVED every single bit of this course. Thank you so much for the amazing job you have done creating it. I have learnt a lot.
Really helpful for someone interested in majoring in Psychology one day! The lectures were so interesting and it was so engaging.
It is a very interesting course. I had no prior exposure to this subject but was able to learn quite a lot of interesting things.
Lecture was very good. His voice was extremely calming and soothing, would most likely take any other course he does.  Thank you!
I loved this course! It's detailed, provides a great introduction to psychology, and is presented in a way that's easy to follow. 
Loved the 'flow' of the course. Well paced and well put together. So appreciative of the effort the team has put into. Thank you. 
Very interesting course.Easy to follow.It's always a privilage to follow Prof. Bloom's courses.Thanks Prof. Bloom.Thnks Coursera.
It was an amazing course and I enjoyed learning a lot. I loved it. Instructor of this course, Paul Bloom was an awesome teacher.
Im a newby in this theme about phycology, so I really enjoyed this online course, thanks for every video and available material.
Professor is nice and he tries his very best to make the course very interesting.It is the best online course I have ever taken.
absolutely brilliant! loved the professor and how engaged he was. I loved the lecture videos. kept it on track as well as funny. 
The course touches every aspects of topic based on psychology.It helps you to know properly about behavior and people around you
Paul Bloom is a great Professor, it is an honor for me to complete his course, I am looking forward to further reading his work
Excelente...de verdad a sido una experiencia que esperaba de una Universidad de tanto prestigio...Su profesor, es excelente....
The course was very engaging and informative.Almost all sessions were well handled and was efficient in conveying the concepts.
I was wanted to learn about psychology. This was the perfect place to start. So, if you want to learn it just go for it, gooooo
Well structured, engaging and cut down in to chunks to avoid information overload. A really interesting and informative course.
Wonderful course indeed! It was easily understandable, very insightful, and thought me so much in such a short time. Thank you!
A great course with a lot of engaging videos and interesting readings. I will highly recommend to everyone to take this course!
Excellent material, lectures and professor.  This course totally change my perspective of what Cousera can teach me.  Fantastic
It was pretty interesting to understand what psychology is all about. Also,it gives a good depth about psychological disorders.
this  course was really awsome and incredible. I learned useful and a lot of things about psychology I ll recommed for everyone 
This course was a very good introduction to psychology, as beginner I was not aware these many streams were there in psychology
Amazing course! Professor Bloom has you engaged all the time, and the reading suggestions and Ted Talks are a must read/watch!
created a NOBA book for this course further readings, not sure where to share that so sharing that herehttp://noba.to/7qt8gknd
This course is very helpfull to becoming a great scientist and whatever you want you will be achieved by learning this course.
Such a wonderful and engaging course. Professor Bloom lectures so nicely and the video quality was excellent and entertaining. 
Great course which covers many different fields of psychology. It is easy to follow and very interesting. Very recommendable!!
I have really enjoyed this one. Is well prepared and engaging. I would recommend to everyone intrested in psychology overview.
This course is fascinating! I learnt several branches of psychology with fun way. Materials are vary, from theory to practical
pretty clear information, it covers what the contents said at the beginning of the course. The evaluations are also well done. 
Excellent introduction. Particularly liked commentaries on development of the science and conflicting views within the field.
His enthusiasm towards the subject is really inspiring. The choices of topics are greatly interesting and fulfilling as well!
Exceptionally good course with great animation and content. Would love to learn more from him and about psychology. Loved it!
I enjoyed while doing this course! Professor Bloom did an incredible job explaining the course. His videos are really super.
incredible and life changing course specially for those who are in need and mentally ill or who are curious about Psychology.
Professor Bloom is a great teacher. I learned a lot of things. I think taking this course was the best thing I've ever done.
It was really great experience learning with the best professor, it was very interactive and learned a lot from this course.
Assessments can be modified, a bit of lecture on real-life applications for common people not pursuing psychology as career.
Really amazing and thorough lessons from Prof. Bloom. Definitely a lot to learn for people like me who are new to the topic.
Great course! Perfect for understanding the basic concepts of Psychology on almost every area. Definitely would recommend :) 
Very helpful and interesting i learned so many things. This course helps in real life too. Instructor is too good and clear
Really interesting, engaging and exciting and it does leave many questions unanswered whichIfeel that I am going to pursue.
Good Psychological methods and reviews are to be identified from completing this course thank you for your valuable course. 
Excellent and informative course. Prof Bloom introduces all major areas of psychology in an accessible and engaging manner.
This course was amazing. Infinite thank you to Yale University and Coursera. My passion for psychology has grown even more. 
Loved professor bloom's videos and the lectures were very engaging. Wish the class was longer because I want to know more!
I really enjoyed this course. The subject matter was explained very well and presented in an interesting and engaging way. 
Lets you think about the way you think. It offers a great advantage when confronting life challenges and making decisions.
Brilliant professor! Really engaging, I would say I start to have a better understanding of myself and accept myself more.
Absolutely loved this course and all the knowledge I was provided, videos, assignments, and quizzes are al all challenging 
A really excellent professor and surpassing knowledge learned.I'll definitely recommend to other people about this course.
A most captivating lecture series. I would do it again. There is a lot to digest but the nobaproject links help with that. 
It really is a good introductory course to psychology which makes you want to investigate and learn more about this area.
Absolutely amazing! Know how the brain works seem quite important to me to understand our daily lives. Thank you so much! 
it is my first course in psychology and it went so good. Thanks for the wonderful platforms for our better understanding.
In my opinion this course is extraordinary. i learn more about the human brain, a little bit of history. Highly recomend.
loved this course ! it was really well constructed with a wide variety of topics to take into account everyone interests!
An excellent introduction to psychology covering all the key areas of the field with excellent lectures from Prof. Bloom.
Having video made my learning more easier and I enjoy so much. I also learned alot especially when it comes to children.
This course is really interesting and meaningful. Now I have better understanding about the people around me and myself. 
It is such a good course to understand basic Psychology  and recommended to individuals from any field of study ........
I really liked the course. Excellent illustrative material, interesting lectures, useful additional material for reading
"Coursera helped me on my skills
thanks to high quality coursework
and thanks to Professor Paul Bloom and Yale University"
Really interesting - I got a lot out of this course and had a few *mind blown* moments of insight into the way we think.
It was good and professor Bloom was AMAZING!!! Recommend if want an unbiased very scientific introduction to psychology. 
Thank you! This course was very engaging and interesting; the way the professor taught was impactful, relatable and fun! 
Engaging. The students who want to study psychology and people with interest in Psychology must go through this course.
Very good job with this course, very deep in all general topics, awesome to remember or to start with psychology career
Great lecturer - great course content - great delivery method.Thank you very much Dr. Bloom, Yale University, Coursera.
highly interesting course that help me to know and understand he basic of psychology ...Thank you Professor Paul Bloom.
It is an amazing overview for the field of psychology, that gives shining view for the thoughts and the self awareness.
Extremely interesting course material with extensive reading material provided. Perfect for starters and curious minds.
Thanks a lot Dr. Paul bloom for this course. It didn't only met my expectation rather taught me more about this domain.
The course enables us to tap into simple understanding of complex psychological aspects we deal in our day to day life. 
It's a very helpful course must join this course it's really develop  basic skills in you and it's easy too understand 
I learned Psychology with Prof. Paul Bloom and it was a great experience. Thank you team Coursera and thank you Sir <3
Walk through the fundamental theories of psychology and gained the overview of future development path. Great Course:)
i has to say thanks so much for all  and please get a favor the certificate has to have be corected Daniel Diaz Garcia  
I really enjoyed this course. I've always been interested in Psychology. This course gave be a good baseline to start.
That's really amazing course for me because I learned a lots of things that would help me understand every situation. 
I really enjoyed learning about psychology. Many thanks to Yale and Professor Paul Bloom for creating this course. :)
Amazing course, thank you so much ! Very good overview of psychology and quality further readings, highly recommended
All around well constructed course. Paul Bloom makes the course interesting and fun. I recommend everybody to enroll. 
The speed of the professor's talking was great. A lot of great information about the basics of Psychology was shared. 
This is an interesting course, I learned a lot about Psychology. Thank you professor Paul Bloom for the opportunity. 
Wonderful course if you're looking for an introductory course, the video lectures are very engaging as well. Haffun!
i loved doing the course it was the best one i must say and loved the way of teaching and video was good quality too
Nice overview in the most general concepts of psychology. For me a great update after Psychology classes in 2002 ;-)
Engaging and stimulating delivery from Prof Bloom. It was great to learn about the contemporary studies of the mind.
This is an excellent Psychology course, I highly recommend to someone who want  to learn the basic about this field.
A great introduction to Psychology. Professor Bloom delivers easily digestible information coupled with visual aids.  
Joy comes in your life when you learn new things !!Thanks to Coursera because it makes me stand out from my peers!!
This course is really well designed for beginners in psychology . Easy to understand,informative and well explained
Thank you for teaching us a lot more than we thought we would learn.  You are an awesome teacher,  Professor Bloom! 
Excellent intro to psychology course taught by a dynamic professor.  Lots of great readings and really interesting!
Nice course which explains no of things and our attitude changes to look towards our life as well as towards others
I really enjoy the course! Now I'm curious and want to learn more about humsn psychology. Thank you Professor Bloom
I love this course! It was a perfect refresher for a Psychology graduate like me who isn't practising in the field. 
Professor Paul Bloom's course is an excellent one and a perfect intro to psychology. Thank you for the opportunity.
Really good, give us a full picture of psychology. Nicely structured lecture and professor is really knowledgeable.
The course has a very good introduction to Psychology. Moreover, the teacher is awesome and has a very good accent.
It was a good experience of pursuing the course and important concepts were discussed in detail with illustrations
really enjoyed the course. the animation and the way of presentation were pretty impressive. thank you, professor.
I highly recommend this course. Its very interesting and useful. The professor is engaging and so are the videos.
amazing animations, the teacher is quite possibly the best to have taught this, amazing experience, well worth it!
Excellent course I must say very informative.Presentation and explanation was amazing.Would recommend to everyone.
I just love this course!!!! So many insights. If I ever decide to get my 3rd degree it will be Psychology at Yale!
Great course! It is the perfect introduction to psychology for anyone interested in learning about human behavior.
An entertaining and very informative introduction. I would love to have more courses available from this lecturer. 
Great overview of topics that everybody is curious about presented in a pleasing format by a well spoken professor
This course has immensely helped me to study a subject that's so different from the topics I have studied so far.
Very interesting!! I've always been fascinated by the mind and this really is a good option to get your feet wet!
Good context, amazing and engaging professor. Definitely a good class to take! This class was worthwhile my time! 
Very informative and extremely well produced! Would look forward to more of such courses from Yale or Prof Bloom!
I love the way they present the courses and how engaging is professor Bloom, Highly recommend anyone interested.
Really enjoyed this course. The professor was excellent and I learned much new and useful information!Thank you!
The journey Dr Bloom takes us on is very fulfilling and satisfying. He did a great job in simplifying the topic. 
learn lot information in this course thanks to my college to introduce this platform and thanks to the coursera.
It's very useful, lectures are amazing and understandable. Paul Bloom is a star. Thank you! Strongly recommended
The course fulfilled my expectations , the professor's interpretation was very interesting. Thank you very much. 
It's feel really wonderful to learn completely new things which i don't know at all.thank you this opportunity . 
This course is amazingly introduce me an overview of psychology even I didn't have any relevant knowledge of it
Amazing lectures with fantastic graphics that will keep you going!Excellent extra reading if you want to do it!
My love for Psychology was rekindled. I am determined to learn more after this course. Thanks, Professor Bloom!
Excellent course ,just awesome lectures .The instructor is good enough.I would suggest all to take this course.
The best course for exploring the insights of your mind and behavior. Good teaching with quite good animations.
It was a very detailed and clearly explained course dealing with all the perfectly important parts of the field
I really enjoyed this Intro to Psychology class. The Professor was great and course content was very enjoyable.
I loved this course and the way it is developed. The professor knows how to capture your attention. Five stars.
Very interesting and engaging curse with clear language and great structure. I defenitely recommend to take it!
Great course! The videos were great and entertaining, the readings were relevant, and the quizzes were helpful!
EXCELLENTI recommend all to go through this course, it will help you in life as it develops your people skills
Amazing content and really engaging professor. Loved the realistic approach and thought-provoking discussions. 
This course is very well-structured and gives a complete but not too narrow picture of this fascinating field.
Really great Intro Psych class. All basic tenets touched on, and the concepts are linked together really well.
I loved this class and, am looking forward to continuing my education in this fascinating field of psychology!
The course is well structured and topics are nicely explained with visual examples! Really enjoyed the program 
A great introduction to many aspects of psychology.  The way the course is presented is exciting and engaging.
Amazing experience... Well organized and delivered.... Will likely take others and recommend it to my friends. 
Great intro into the subject of psychology. A great teacher who is clearly both enthusiastic and knowledgable. 
Awesome and it is worthy. The Prof. will teach you just like a friend, philosopher and a guide. Best of luck!
Great course. I have learned a lot and I would like to thank you for such a great introduction to Psychology!
It was the best !!!! Those visual animations...I love it...!!! It helped more in  understanding the subject !
excellent course the readings are well suggested and helped me to get through my internship at a quicker pace
This course helped me a lot in learning basic knowledge about psychology, from various theories to disorders.
Very good experience and learnt a lot of things .The lectures was too good and realistic.Thank u coursera...!
I am very delighted to take this course. Dr Bloom classes gave me basic insight of Psychology. Thank Dr Bloom
Great course! Fantastic lectures, informative articles and fair testing system. I highly recommend taking it. 
The course was very informative and thanks to you for explaining complex ideas in simple language. Thank you.
This is an excellent course on the introduction to psychology.  I would take another course from Prof. Bloom.
The teaching style and explanation approach is simply outstanding. Thank you Sir. It was a great experience.
Amazing course Professor Bloom! I would love to enrol for a course based on Clinical Psychology soon by you.
Congratulations for Course...I am so happy because the moments studY With You.ThanksMailza Madeira do Amaral 
Very interesting and informative with the course content, along with the quality of audio and video content.
Absolutely exceptional course with entertaining and engaging lectures. Paul Bloom knocks it out of the park.  
The course provided a beautiful insight into the world of psychology and touches on many different subjects.
was really engaging and some relevant and interesting information, everyone can take this course.. I LOVE IT
General video with professional reading material. I think this course is useful for students at any degree.
I loved it. It further increased my interest in Psychology and now I know pretty subjects of my interest =. 
The classes are really interesting, Teacher teaches very nice. Really very useful for students and teachers
Interesting concepts, the Prof was very engaging and i enjoyed the lecture on clinical psychology the most. 
Amazing content and very well explained.Now im able to talk and argument about some basic psychology topics 
Simple yet profound. Serious but lively. What is psychology? This course has answered this question for me.
Very engaging and well though out! Professor Bloom taught the concepts in a way that was easily understood
Excellent! I learned important concepts about Psychology. This will definitely help me with my graduation.
a very good experience the videos are totally explanatory and the teacher's way of explaining is very good
Great introduction to Psychology. Topics were relevant and well presented and the instructor was engaging.
Very good introduction course to psychology. Covered the basic topics and inspired me for further studies. 
Thank you, Mr. Bloom, for this great course! This was my first step, it was very interesting and engaging!
Great introductory course. Widely covered topics. Perfect foundation to dive in further readings/research.
very informative. Loved the topics introduced in the course. looking forward to complete more such courses
It is very informative, very well structured and interesting course. It's absolutely well-worth attending.
This course really helped me learn about psychology and the basic parts of it that's great to start with.
Amei fazer o curso, me ensinou muitas coisas novas. A principal me conhecer, poder ajudar outras pessoas.
Great course, Paul Bloom did a great job putting it together and dishing it out in a very understand way.
It was very helpful and made me understand life even better! Learning psychology was interesting as well.
This course changed my career path and now i am motivated to become a psychologist and dive into it more.
A very interactive and fun approach to psychology and its fundamental principles. I enjoyed it very much.
Professor Bloom makes the topics I thought were boring very interesting and made me realize many things.
Amazing course with awesome animated lectures. The additional readings provided were amazingly relevant.
Fantastic and very insightful course that provides a good base and introduction into a very broad field.
great  start for intro to psychology . but a lot deep is psychology and some major concepts are missing.
Awesome and charismatic professor, very engaging videos and super interesting content. highly recommend!
Excellent Course, I appreciate the work, dedication and the great quality of all the material. Thank you
Very interesting. I highly recommend it. It would be great to have more follow up courses like this one.
it is worth to spend time on learning this course. not only for knowledge, but also for live well-being.
I really enjoyed the course. Professor's teaching style is very engaging and the content is interesting.
IT was a great course. Professor has a very nice method to develop students. Congratulations and Thanks!
Amazing course, Professor Bloom is just awesome. I loved it thoroughly. great insights, great examples.
The best videos on any Coursera course that I have taken so far. Good overview with interesting topics.
Dear sir, this is Saraswathi R.N. I have completed the course but I did not receive the certificate yet 
Really love the way the course is explained by instructors and lectures are delivered in a good manner.
Engaging and insightful. Worth a shot, for anyone who is interested in Psychology or people in general!
It's a little bit long, but I loved every single minute of it. It's just wonderful. Thank you Dr. Bloom
Great professor. Easy to understand, format was engaging. Interesting subject matter. Highly recommend! 
Introduction to Psychology as a fantastic course and I got more out of it than I ever believed I would.
MY FAVORITE CLASS BY FAR. The video content is incredibly engaging. Definitely worth participating in. 
Its legit the best course i have taken on coursera so far, i learned a lot and the videos are amazing
Super informative... Definitely makes you want to better understand how and why we are the way we are.
Excellenct cousrse, nice knowladge, examples, support reading and media one of the best course of mine
Professor Bloom is engaging and covers a wide range of topics in sufficient depth for an intro course!
Loved it. I think I am ready to pursue my long lost dream of Masters in Psychology. Thanks to Dr. Paul
This was an absolute pleasure! Mr. Paul Bloom was outstanding and my honor to have been taught by him. 
Amazing course to start understanding the basics of psychology. Professor Bloom is amazing, thank you!
Very informative and easy to understand. Very essential knowledge for managing our daily life emotions
Great course! Learned a ton and hopefully, it will stay in my brain because it was pretty interacting. 
I'm glad I took this course. 12/10 recommended for all! Great job Prof. Bloom. Truely inspired by you.
A wonderful course!Unfortunately, it didn't go through to the end. The Russian language is missing. :(
Thank you for the amazing work you've done so I could learn and see more about which way I want to go.
great course, the work into the visuals also remercable. would like to have a possibility to continue.
This course is great, if you even have a slightest of curiosity about psychology, you should take it.
completely understood the course, clear voice,nice animations, great work coursera and Paul gloom sir
It is really an excellent course for beginners.I wanna thank professor Bloom for such a great effort.
Absolutely amazing 10/10. I defiantly recommend if your interested in learning more about psychology.
Everyone should take this course!!!At some point,I felt I was in an actual class.Well done professor.
Now I have a broader and clearer vision of the mind, emotions and human behavior.Highly recommended!!
Different, Deep and Exciting. You will know a lot more about this field after completing this course. 
Interesting and succinct overview of major components of Psychology. Most enjoyable and informative.
It is a wonderful course, I never imagined that an online course could be so engaging and inspiring.
This is a really well made course. I was actually sad when it ended. Very informative and enjoyable.
Highly recommendable! The amount of time I put on this course has paid back. It is totally worth it!
Very good course, clearly explained material. I loved the format of the videos;) Highly recommended.
Wow! This course is amazingly well constructed. I absolutely loved it and the teacher is incredible! 
Especially love the animated aspect of this course. It really makes it unique and engaging. Love it!
great overview in a nutshell! i recommend for anyone who is interested in the pillars of psychology!
Enjoy this course a lot, it is good idea to revise your studies and still connected with psychology. 
A brilliant course for any person interested in the field of psychology.  I enjoyed it tremendously.
thankyou so much prof.BLOOM for your wonderful course.It helped me a lot for my future in psychology
I simply loved this Course.  Thank you Prof. Bloom.  Your way of teaching is superb.  Thanks Again.
Got a good glimpse on why human are the way they are and behave in a certain way in day today  life
All in all, it was a very informative class that runs through many of the basics of psychology. 5/5
Its an excellent introductory course, with a good flow and pacing, taught by an engaging professor
Fantastic course! I've learnt so much and highly recommend this to anyone interested in Psychology. 
Best course to get familiar with psychology. Just start doing it and you will fell in love with it. 
Very useful, not easy, but also not difficult, not long, understandable, interesting, just perfect!
I learnt a lot thank you for share your knowledge with me, I want to continue learn more and more.
A nice scientific approach to psychology, nicely structured and good course material. Thanks a lot 
Interesting, brief and practical, the recommended readings completed well this introductory course
so interesting! I loved it so much and I hope I can be able to apply all my learnings in real life
it was an epic course, definitely helped me get insight on mant things!! i am happy with it really
Everything I was looking for and more. Really interesting and engaging.Tip -Do all the reading!!!!
Easily understandable and a good overview of the many different facets of the field of psychology!
I love it!! So interesting. I feel ready for my forensic psychology course at Lund University now! 
The professor was engaging and the videos helped a lot in understanding the context of the course.
The lecturer really puts dedication to this course. The cartoon style of the class is fascinating.
I loved everything about this course what an amazing instructor Prof. Paul Bloom is!i loved it :)
one of the best courses I have taken online. good job with videos and professor you were amazing!
i learned more about what type of person i am. i,m very thankful to you for this brilliant course
Great intro course, Dr. Bloom manages to be engaging and eloquent despite being an online course.
Lovely course for anyone who is keen to learn about some basic psychology relevant to daily life.
Very informative and helpful... Thank you. I will to save to be able to purchase the certificate. 
Such an amazing and insightful course. It has helped me understand the world around me and myself
Wonderful! This course made me think about my life and I learned a lot!I recommended this course.
Really interesting topics. Also I really like the animation that went with the lectures as well. 
Very enjoyable course, a great variety of topics and just enough detail to discuss them further.
An engaging and interesting course for anyone who wants an insight into the field of Psychology.
love how the professor explain every concept clear that you can understand very well, thank you.
With fun videos to go along with quality PPT sessions its very interesting to learn this subject
Thanks a lot for these kind of courses great and good learning knowledgable very well presented.
Wonderful introductory course.I Like the simple explanations, topic, and artstyle of the videos!
Very good class that allow us to discover many different topics of psychology and everyday life. 
I like the course is very clear and it helped me to understand some of the human being behavior.
It is an excellent course! All the concepts have been explained in depth and in a simple manner. 
The course was really interesting and the method of explaining is very good and understandable.
Great condensed overview on major topics in psychology. Professor Bloom was incredible. Thanks!
An incredible course - not too time consuming and definitely worth the time you do spend on it.
Amazing course, excellent instructor. I had an awesome time taking these lessons, learnt a lot. 
What a lovely course! Thank you, Professor Bloom, for having sparked my interest in psychology. 
One of the best courses I have taken on Coursera. Concise and very informative. Totally hooked! 
A very informative course. I highly recommend anyone who enjoys psychology to take this course! 
I LOVED THIS COURSE SO MUCH. PLUS THE Doctor's voice is very relaxing thank you for everything.
I thought this course was a lot of fun, and enjoyed the teaching style of the professor a lot. 
Amazing videos, very engaging and interesting. Thank you.  I really enjoyed doing this course. 
This course is very helpful in my personal life. I have learnt a lot of things by this course.
fantastic course, thanks Professor Bloom, i took a good decision to be part of this course!!!!
Just perfect, it helped me a lot. Professor bloom is just incredible, I will miss this course.
Great teacher, short engaging videos, amazing content and interesting readings!100% recommend
El mejor curso de psicologia,con el mejor profesor y recursos extraordinarios de aprendizaje.
It was really well organized. The videos and even the readings were detailed and interesting. 
Very easily digestible! A great introduction to the vast and fascinating world of psychology.
 A Brilliant introduction and a great way to identify further areas of interest of preference!
A great course that gives useful information for being able to move on in studying psychology 
Interesting and very engaging course. I wish it lasted longer and covered even more material!
Amazing course, super interesting and engaging. I would highly highly recommend it to anyone!
veryniceintroductory course, easy to understand, with a wide coverage of topics in psychology
I learned a lot from. I even got to learn more interesting facts on disorders and happiness.
An interesting introduction to psychology, inspires one to want to know more of the subject.  
This course was very interesting and a good star for someone that wants to study psychology.
Excellent class! The professor was fantastic and I enjoyed the story telling through images. 
Very informative introduction, and very engaging with both educational content and graphics.
This course provides a great overview of various aspects of psychology. Great for beginners!
This course is really good and gives a great overview on the different aspects of psychology
Simple approach yet rich insights.Very InformativeGreat Readings recommendations/references.
They definitely upgraded the original lectures to a much improved presentation. Great class!
For the beginner,  this course is easy to understand. I was so appreciative of this course.
very helpful in tackling the emotional setbacks and traumas and helping others in doing so.
This was an awesome course on Psychological aspects and iam very glad that i could do this. 
Thanks for giving us the opportunity to learn psychology online. It was an amazing journey.
Good knowledge and understanding about the basics of psychology. It really helped me a lot. 
I liked and learned a lot with the help of course i thank to u give more idea about courses
Good course to get a fundamental understanding of the wide range of this interesting field!
Very systematic approach to basics of psychology. I couldn't imagine a better way to learn!
I feel sad that I can't add additional stars as this course was one of the best in coursera
this course is awesome.  The instructor is engaging and the lectures are super interesting. 
it was a wonderful journey to take with DR Paul Bloom, i enjoyed every bit of this course. 
This course was very informational and I learned a lot from it. Thank you professor Bloom!
Very Good course for the beginners and help the new students to make carrier in this field
Excellent course, with an extensive and comprehensive overview of what psychology entails.
Tnx to prof Bloom who taught the subject in such an incredible way.it was very interesting
Extremely didactic course for beginners who want to learn a little m ore about psychology.
Brilliant...loved every moment of it. Clarified so many concepts and gave insights as well 
Very engaging professor and topics - really fascinating insight into how we think and act!
"A very
well structured course that gives an excellent overview of the field of
Psychology."
It is very good program for more information about mind and good for language development 
Brilliant, just what I was looking for to get an overview of the basics of Psychology :-)
great start to taking an online course/class. Structured really well and not overwhelming 
Animation and infographics used in teaching is So so amazing.....WOW thank you so so Much
very good brief introduction of allof  psychology. i really enjoyed learning every lesson
very comprehensive. Good everyday examples. liked additional reading provided/recommended
I loved this course.  The Professor, the course material and the pace were all excellent.  
Great videos and lessons and easy to follow each week. Learned a lot more about the mind.
It was engaging, interesting and it gave me a good base to start learning psychology from
Comprehensive overview of what psychology entails. I very much enjoyed it and learnt lots
This a great, thought-provoking course. The graphics for the lectures are also very nice!
its full of information related introduction to psychology its really help full, thanks.
Engaging, thought-provoking and directly-applicable, not only to work but to daily life.
One of the best thing that I did during this quarntine. I dont regret taking this class.
Prof. Bloom was really engaging and resourceful. It was as good as a face to face class.
Ended up learning a lot more than I expected and my experience was nothing but positive.
I totally enjoyed the lectures. They were very informative Thank you so much. Armando R.
it is a very good introduction course to learn and surely i'll suggest it to my friends. 
Wonderful explanations and in-depth knowledge about every domain included in psychology.
The lectures are funny and fruitful. Dr. Bloom uses a very accessible and easy language. 
Real goof effort by the prof. to me psychology is more of research than abstract theory.
Excellent introduction to psychology and the best coursera course I've been enrolled in.
Fantastic Presentation!Love the animations, content so interesting / binding!Thank you!!
wonderful course. very well structure and the lecturer is amazing. highly recommend it. 
Very easy to understand, engaging lectures, and easy to handle if you live a busy life!
Great content and lectures - would happily take another of Prof. Bloom's classes again. 
I loved the course, leaned a lot of new things and opened my mind to new opportunities.
Than you so much for this course. I feel like I've really accomplished something great!
The professor has his way of explaining and giving examples for clearer understandings.
The curse its great. Recomended for those who want to have i long view about psichology
Loved the course. It was a pleasure for me to learn so much in such an interactive way. 
Really great introduction to such a wide and interesting subject with so many faucets.
I loved it. Videos are simple and engaging. I wished that it would be a longer course.  
Great digestible content taught by a knowledgeable professor with a friendly demeanor.
Fascinating course, great introduction to psychology, leaves you wanting to know more. 
truly enjoyed the whole experience, wished all of my schooling was up to this standard 
Paul did the most personal teaching but it also the most beautiful intro to Psychology  
Ummm. This course is just amazing for the beginniners to get to know about psychology.
Great course! I really enjoyed professor Bloom's way of presenting the subject matter! 
I love it! The teacher is great, the videos too! I am from Brasil and just love it!!!!
Prof. Bloom introduces the field of Psychology in an engaging and approachable manner. 
Nicely planned course contents and equally nicely explained all the concepts by Prof.
Awesome girst course and insight to Psychology. Loved it. Thank you, Professor Bloom!
I loved this course, it was very important for my professional life and my knowledge!
It was a life-changing course, especially the part of Happiness. Thank you very much. 
The course was incredibly useful for my preparation to the psychology entrance exams.
It is an excellent course for someone who wants to know some basics about psychology.
Really a very good overview for someone trying to understand the field of psychology.  
I enjoyed and learned the terms of psychology. It was great experience for me. Thanks
Amazing course by Yale University. more courses like this should be offered for free.
Outstanding! I really felt that I gained an excellent foundation for further studies.
This animated course is so clear in what everything means, that learning is made fun!
Loved! I learned excessively well. The course and th professor are both exceptional.
Simple and easy to follow, the lecturer is great and the topics are very interesting 
The course overall was very engaging and satisfying. I learned more than I expected.
I enjoyed this class - it was engaging and interesting! I feel like I learned a lot.
It gave us great opportunity to have a solid foundation on the concept of Psychology
Nicely explained the concepts and theories with examples. Engaging content n slides. 
Easy to understand and fascinating.  Covered many different areas.  I learned a lot.
I suggest if this course is made it a regular then you can grant  a degree for this
Exceptionally interesting and informative course. Loved the structure and teaching.
Brilliant and insightful introduction to Psychology. Well structured and delivered.
Very good introduction to psychology by a really engaged and interesting Professor.
I was constantly engaged in the lectures and kept interested the whole way through.
Thank you for the  wonderful experience and knowledge collected during your course!
This course is definitely worth your time, I promise you wouldn't be disappointed. 
it's so good I wish had more videos to improve more what I already learn with that
I enjoyed this course a lot ,I got a lot of answer to the question of why people ,
I love the content of the course and the way the professor presents the materials.
Its wonderful I Really enjoyed doing  this course, can improve Disscusions Fourms.
Wonderful intro to Psychology - well taught and all subjects are clearly explained
Very helpful courses. Love the visuals too which helps one engage and concentrate.
This was a nice course, i'm now feeling more happier by seeing my life. Thank you.
A wonderful course and presentation. My heartfelt thanks to Sri Bloom and the team
AS a college student I found this course was easy to understand. Very Interesting.
nice overall of psychology. Good start if like me you are seeking for strong bases
love this course. I am more confident in the incoming psychology course this Fall
A subject  is being taught in attractive way with good examples from life history
Excellent as an introductory course, and piques your interest to explore further.
The course is very well designed. The videos are really engaging and interesting.
Paul Bloom is an amazing professor the course was very interesting and insightful
Thoroughly enjoyed the course and am considering further education in psychology. 
The course was engaging, fun, and exceeded my expectations! It was truly awesome!
Great introductory course. Easy to understand for beginners with engaging content
The course was so well constructed and emphasized. I enjoyed the lessons so much.
Incredibly good. Sometimes Prof. Bloom speaks a little slow so I speed him up :-)
This course really helped in understanding the fundamentals of Human Psychology.
Paul Bloom is l an excellent teacher. This course is one of the best of Coursera
Very engaging lectures, with interesting and varying topics. Highly recommended.
Thank to Mr. Paul Bloom to provide us these insightful lectures at global level.
Simple and elegant explanations along with apt articles and books told to refer. 
absolutely a great course! so informative and it covered a whole lot of things!!
I greatly enjoyed these classes. I feel they were very information and thorough.
This was so interesting and I I'll try to pursue more knowledge about psychology
Amazing course. Amazing lecturer. I was so excited to learn and study each week!
the course is simple and relaxing, It doesn't feel like when we were in college.
I liked this course, it was very interesting and I enjoyed studying this course.
Easy to understand, got broader view of psychology, lots of interesting subjects
Excellent! The professor was great and the videos were engaging and interesting.
outstanding professor with engaging material and presentation. i learned a lot!
this course is awesome some how i came to know about what is psychology thank u
This course will lay a strong foundation to build your basics about psychology. 
Perfect course to do just in case you have always been intrigued by psychology.
An interesting course, Information delivered fast enough to maintain attention.
Great introductory course. Thoroughly enjoyed working through it. Learnt a lot.
LOVED IT!Awesome teacher, incredible videos and amazing resources...Thank you!
I have an overview about Psychology field before applying for BA at university 
An excellent course an very engaging. Thanks Prof. Bloom for such lovely feel. 
A great and simple course to introduce you to psychology, I really enjoyed it.
The course was very helpful.Thank you professor for this wonderful experience.
  I have to say I really like this course and learned a lot. Thanks Prof. Bloom! 
It was very helpful in understanding the different aspects of life and people. 
Paul Bloom is a great professor, I hope I can take one of his courses at Yale!
Fantastic course that makes me wish I'd taken it as an undergrad 25 years ago.
Great course! Very informative! I actually enjoyed the lectures and material! 
This course really gives a great introductory topics with regards Psychology.  
Amazing intro to psych course! The professor definitely made this worthwhile. 
A very insightful and enlightening course on how the mind works. Recommended!
It was very insightful and made me keen on learning more about the human mind
This is really a good course making psychology a bit easier to be understood.
Great lectures and interesting readings. Couldn't have found a better course!
I found the professor incredibly engaging and the content really interesting. 
ITS A REALLY INTERESTING AND AMAZING COURSE WHICH COVERS ALL THE FUNDAMENTALS
Very engaging professor, nice video format. Course delivers what it promises!
Very informative course. I liked the graphics and the layout of each lecture.
Nice presentation! the professor is the best, glad to be part of this class!!
Engaging teacher and a very good opportunity to get introduced to Psychology!
Great course! Easy to digest facts, presented in an engaging animated format.
Very nice and Fundamental course for anyone who has interest in psychology .
Well designed content and video quality, enjoyed the course with enthusiasm.
I'll recommend this course to all my friends . Thanks for this opportunity !
Extremely satisfied with the knowledge i have by doing the course. Well done
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I learnt many aspects of human psychology.
I enjoyed studying different topics in this course. I'm  glad I've enrolled.
The best Psychology course I've taken so far. Very engaging and interesting. 
Excellent teaching, well rounded and non biased presentation of the material
Very informative and i love the avatar !!! Thank you so much Professor Bloom
Good course and good videos. Inquisitive and learned a lot about psychology.
This is probably the best course on Introduction to Psychology I have taken. 
Very usful and interseting introduction on psychology, we thank M.PAUL BLOOM 
This was an amazing course with great content! Definitely worth your time!!
An exceptional course that provided extraordinary explanations to concepts. 
It was excellent and nice videos . Hope we can always refresh the materials 
Very well explained, engaging and easy to follow. Very interesting concepts
This was an extremely interesting course as an initial insight to the mind.
Awesome course! I love it, thanks cousera and teacher Bloom for support me.
The course was truly fascinating and has piqued my interest in psychology!
Extremely informative course with a great Professor to take you throuh it.
I really loved the course and. I also learned a lot of interesting things.
Very insightful and helpful in understanding of yourself as well as others
A well constructed course. I have learnt a lot from this course.Thank you.
A wonderful,life-changing, and engaging course that I have really enjoyed.  
Really enjoyed this course. Laid a great foundation for my future studies.
excellent course, very informative concise, motivating enough to sudy more
Great overview to the field of Psychology. It really makes a lot of sense.
It opens my insight to some aspects of psychology and I'm happy for that.
Professor Paul teaches very well, thank you very much for this experience
After completing the course , I really feel more knowledgeable . Thankyou
This course was very informative. It was great learning about psychology.
overall good course for people who like to get knowledge about psychology 
Captivating lecture videos. Very immersive. Enjoyed this course very much  
Amazing piece of work by the Professor! I wish there would be a part 2 :)
Highly educational if you come with no academic background in psychology.
This is a phenomenal course to learn about the foundations of psychology!
As an introduction it has a broad scope and focus on recent developments.
Extraordinary visual material makes it easier to understand and remember! 
One of the Best courses in which I had a clear experience of psychology.
It was a decent course and it gives you a good background on psychology. 
every Human should enroll in this course for the welfare of the humanity 
Very interesting, interactive, and teaching based on real-life examples.
the best way to learn your interest at any time anywhere and at any age.
i learned a lot and I think that's the career i definitely want to study
Wonderful class to take if you're interested in the field of Psychology!
I highly recommend taking this course to take an overview of this field.
An interesting course with well-chosen topics and an engaging professor.
Good Course, and teacher. Shot video learning is better than long ones.
The resources are great! Guaranteed to challenge the learner's mindset.
Very interesting way of teaching. You actually learn under Prof. Bloom.
loved itconcepts are very well explainedinstructor has done a great job
Really really great, exactly what I needed!!! Thank you all the team...
Very inspiring course. Good preparation for people outside this domain.
Excellent and engaging content. The professor is just beyond memorable!
very insightful and very educative never thought acquire such knowledge
a very amazing experience that broadened my mind and learning abilities  
A highly engaging, thought-provoking and interesting course. Thank you!
Very engaging and interesting. It motivated me to learn more and more.
I really like proffesor bloom thank you very much siri like you really 
Awesome Course. Prof teaches with examples and clips from experiments. 
Very informative course, very well organised and presented. Thank you!
I really enjoyed learning. Professor Bloom and team thank you so much.
excellent course for beginners  as well as  for undergraduate students
A very useful, valuable course .... thank you so much for your efforts
An amazing course and an amazing professor. Can't recommend it enough.
A very nice introduction for people who are interested in psychology !
Excellent Course for Learning the Most Relevant Concepts in Psychology
Very easy understanding about the overall appearance about psychology.
very nice course! I love it and I will redo it again when I have time.
Fantastic introduction to psychology. Very impressed with the course. 
i would thank professor bloom and yale university for such opportnity
Very interesting course, well organised, learned a lot of new things!
Thank you, Professor Paul Bloom for in such of well organized course.
A very insightful course. Looking forward to more such short courses.
Best Course I've ever taken, great lecture quality and animations! :D
I am very satisfied with the course, it is very thorough and dynamic. 
A very engaging course to learn about the basic aspects of Psychology
This course is the best course to understand the cocept of psychology
I understood a lot of things about people and especially about myself  
I have learnt a lot. and I am glad that I can do it at my own timing.
very amazing scientific data with simple presentation from Paul bloom
Excellent lecturer. Overall excellent delivery of the course material
I ENJOYED EVERY BIT OF THIS COURSE. IT WAS VERY INSIGHTFUL. THANK YOU
Engaging, great graphics, lecturer and content. I really enjoyed it!
I enjoyed this course a lot, it was very informative and interesting
Loved the course! Amazing Professor and really interesting lectures! 
excellent learning through online, at ease, way of earning a degree. 
It was a variety experience that i ever feel& content was fruit full 
Accessible, Knowledgeable and Pedagogic. I recommend it to everyone.
Great course...Gives an insight into what goes on in the human brain
One of the best courses i have ever attented prof. Bloom is the best
FOR BEGINNERS IS VERY USEFUL INTRO TO PSYCOLOGYI ENJOYED ITTHANK YOU
wonderful course...it help me a lot in clarifying my basic concepts.
Best course for the introduction in Psychology and very informative
This course is very useful to understand others emotions, feelings. 
The materials were presented clear and interesting. Easy to follow. 
The course is fantastic and a great one for those who love learning
I really enjoyed it, great follow up from the science of well being
It is wonderful. I learned the basics with fun. Feel very grateful!
Amasing overview of psychology in short interesting video lectures.
Amazing course, awesome teacher and great relevant reading material
Great course, a lot of content and the professor was very engaging!
Great material, pretty convenient, can use on my own time, loved it 
I got the perfect overview of Psychology in this course. Thank you!
Amazing course, thanks to Coursera, Yale University and Paul Bloom!
Thanks to Yale University and Prof. Bloom for this amazing course.
Highly recommend! Very fulfil and interesting course! many thanks!
The content is rich and useful. The professor present really well.
Very engaging and informative, I feel like I have learned so much. 
People use psychology everyday even when they don't know about it.
A very interesting course. Well taught, engaging, and informative.
excellent content and outstanding course designed by the professor
I'm glad that I took up this course. It worths every second of it.
Terrific intro to psychology, clear cut and accessible. Thank you.
Well constructed course. Nice interaction method used. Enjoyed it.
Superb programme ..beneficial for ug students in psychology stream
One of the best online courses I have ever done in my whole life.
Very interesting course and engaging lecture presentation videos.
I love psychology. It is a  subject in which everyone interested. 
This is one of the most attractive and captivating courses period
IT WAS AN AMAZING JOURNEY WITH MY PROFESSOR ... THANK YOU SIR....
it was amazing. I highly enjoyed it and definitely recommend it!!
Eye opening and nicely put. Great work on creating this content!!
Great first overview of psychology, engaging professor and videos
Very interesting, wide range of topics, great base of psychology.
Facinating and it captures your attention. Full of nice subjects.
Great engaging course for everyone interested in human psychology 
A very helpful induction of the most common topics in this field.
Indeed a great experience,a mind blowing journey and a new start.
Great course, but I would prefer a real person and not a drawing. 
 Nice  and very interesting course . I enjoyed doing this course .
Excellent content, engaging way of delivery. Highly recommended!
Curso maravilhoso! Superou muito as minhas expectativas. Amei :)
Thank you so much for your effort, i really enjoyed this course.
very interesting, great course. Learned a lot for life and work. 
Several Aspects of Psychology are briefly touched in this course
A great introduction to the subject, with an excellent lecturer.
Very knowledgeable and inspiring teacher. Great course material.
It is full of knowledge. Its astonishing experience of learning. 
Course is fun and informative I love how the instructors teach.
Very good course for me. I appreciate it. I love being a human.
It  was a lovely experience. Great content  and way of teaching 
Thank you for the course Sir Paul, Yale University and Coursera
Precise and enlightening, practical and enriching, Prof. Bloom.
it's a fantastic course.It has the strength to shape ones life.
Loved the course, it was very insightful and well put together.
very interesting and easy to follower. Absolutely recommendable 
The lectures were very engaging and were beautifully presented.
AWESOME COURSE FOR ANYONE INTERESTED IN THE WORLD OF PSYCHOLOGY
Enough for basic and somewhat deep aspects of human psychology. 
Nothing much but thanks to you who took your time teaching us .
Amazing instructor, I'm really happy I sign up for this course.
It was knowledgeable and broaden my basic knowledge of psych :) 
High-quality course. Very informative (even for normal people). 
Amazing Introduction to Psychology...just loved the instructor.
It was very nice to complete this course and has helped me alot
know a lot of knowledge about psy. thanks a lot for the course.
The lecturer and his approach to the material are really great! 
very good lecture, professor is engaging. examples are perfect.
This has to be the best Introduction to Psychology course ever!
It is an interesting course to learn the basics of Psychology.
Stellar introduction to a very immersive and exciting subject!
Really enjoyed the course. Professor Bloom is really engaging.
It is a wonderful course covering basic aspects of psychology.
nicely explained and i have understood the basic concepts well
Very insightful & the perfect start to my Psychology Career :)
Exceptionally delivered content, very lucid and very relevant.
I absolutely love this course and I'll miss Dr. Bloom greatly!
I really advise to anyone who wants to learn about psychology.
Very interesting and very well explained. Thank you very much.
do not miss this opportunity to get acquainted with psychology
It provived me so much useful basic knowledge about Psychology
the course way very comprehensive, engaging and an eye opener
I love this course I definitely recommend leaning this filed.
An amazing course of psychology!. Gain Knowledge through fun.
Very comprehensive for a free online course!! I recommend it!
Excelente curso, el profesor Paul Bloom un excelente docente. 
Its a very good course to have a basic idea about psychology.
It helps me a lot  to understand many people in this country. 
Amazing course and a beautiful, unique Intro into Psychology.
Professor Bloom was wonderful!  I greatly enjoyed the course!
Great course. Very engaging lecturer and interesting content.
Great theoretical course! Great professor. I do recommend it!
My fundamentals were built Psychology thanks to this course.
The course was awesome. I really learned a lot about humans.
Its a really helpful course. I just pursued it for knowledge
Loved every lecture, Very informative and interesting course
This was such an interesting course and I have learnt a lot.
An awesome introduction to psychology.  Thank you very much.
LOVE LOVE LOVED THIS COURSE!!! So informative and engaging!!
Great Course, I thoroughly enjoyed. Real world applicability
Engaging and informative with an easily understood dialogue
thank you for providing this course, its very useful for us
Hi I'm very grateful to complete this really awesome course
very interesting course and i highly recommend this course.  
Great introductory approach to a whole branch of knowledge.  
Great course, thoroughly engaging , well taught . Loved it. 
Very good course which is used to learn human personalities
I enjoy this course and want to learn more about psychology
LOVED IT psychology is my passion, so i extremly enjoyed it 
Loved the experience and how well the course was conducted. 
It was a wonderful opportunity for me to attend this course
This course helps to gain the basic Knowledge in psychology
Very informative in a fun way that doesn't bore you at all.
Good engaging course with basic terminologies of Psychology
Really liked the course. Helps you to see what it is about. 
Amazing! I hope Professor Paul Bloom makes another course.
it is an awesome course and helpful for career development
One of the best courses on psychology i have ever attended
Very interesting content presented in a very engaging way.
nice course...really provides a good insight in psychology
Take this course and get your concepts right with clarity. 
This class was easy to follow and was enjoyable to learn. 
Excellent course. Learned a lot. Also excellent lectures.
Nice Course with Awesome lectures of professor Paul Bloom
Amazing and engaging professor, great content and topics.
Extremely engaging  and interesting. Highly recommend it!
Really engaging course, fun to be a part of this journey.
very informative. I'm happy, but not ready to dwell on it
Thank you professor Bloom for this incredible engagement! 
Creative way of presenting the course. Very informative.
This course is RICH with knowledge! So glad i took it :)
This online course is better way of learning best skills
Very interesting and complete course, perfect for beginn
I would suggest this course to every single human being.
very well explained with numerous resources to refer to.
It's the most interesting course that I have ever taken.
Absolutely wonderful to review the things I already know
It was great to have a overview knowledge of psychology
I found this course very informative, engaging and fun!
Great way to start studying Physchology. Just, amazing. 
Everyone should give it a try. It can change your life.
Very interesting and knowledgeable ..waiting for PART 2
This is the most interesting course I have come across. 
A very interesting and well organised course. Loved It!
i like this coerce very much thank you professor Paul .
I absolutely loved it. The instructor himself is great.
Very interesting well provided examples for each topic. 
Thanks a lo,t  the course was useful and well organized
Thanks Prof. Bloom for making the journey so beautiful!
It was awesome course, I've learned so much, Thank you!
I liked it, even when I disagreed, which tells a lot :) 
So far it is great, you learn so much at your own pace. 
Had full support, understood everything, and enjoyed it
Very strong foundation to understand modern psychology.
Wonderful and absolutely complete. Thank you so much.!
It was so much informative and I learnt a lot from it.
Great overview of the field and lectures were engaging
I really enjoyed this class, it was truly a challenge. 
Excellent course to have an overview about Psychology.
Thank you, professor Bloom, for this fantastic course.
I truly enjoyed all aspects of this course. Thank you! 
Great  course to give an understanding of psychology !
Excellent course. Everything is beautifully explained!
An amazing introduction to the human mind and behavior 
Exceptional course! I loved every single second of it!
Excellent course. very informative and easy to follow.
One of the interesting course I have ever experienced.
Fantastic. Good overview. Speaker has a voice problem.
Very well presented, detailed, and informative course. 
Absolutely amazing video format and amazing professor.
Very good course, love the animation in every lesson.
Fantastic and well presented..thanks for this course.
The course content is highly digestable and engaging!
very well conceived and effectively delivered course.
Best Course. Thanks for making me understand so well. 
Great courseGreat flow / paceVery impressive lecturer
I enjoyed it so much! Reading materials are the best!
Me encanto! Genial la forma de explicar del profesor!
I found it very interesting. I've enjoy it very much.
It was interesting to learning a lot about psychology
Excellent program engaging and enjoyable to complete. 
I enjoyed learning and I'm glad I joined this course!
Exceptionally informative with an engaging professor.
Fascinating and well paced introduction. Many thanks!
Paul Bloom, like always, is an outstanding professor. 
Psychology is a course where you love it or hate it.
Really engaging course! Enjoyed every minute of it !
I have learned a lot of things. Thanks to professor/
A good introduction into many aspects of psychology. 
Thank you very much sir....giving me a good platform
a good course to take the first step into Psychology
The course is beautifully presented and very helpful
this course come up with full of knowledge and basic
Very good course, learned more than expected. Thanks
Wonderful course material! Thanks to the Lecturer:-)
most interesting course i've ever taken on coursera.
It was an amazing experience to learn something new.
nice course, helped me learn a ton about psychology!
Creative lessons with nice style and a good teacher. 
Great comprehensive course, entertaining instructor!
it was very informative, i would like to learn more
Easy understanding lecture with interesting sample.
Excellent initiation for Introduction to Psychology
Fue un curso muy interesante, divertido y completo.
Professor was extremely engaging. Highly recommend!
Wonderful Experience with the videos and materials.
The best, I fell completely in love with psychology
A VERY INTERESTING COURSE THAT IS VERY WELL TAUGHT.
EXCELLENT course. Very interesting, great lecturer.
It's so wonderful! I've learned so much. Thank you!
I really enjoyed this course so much. Thanks a lot.
this education course is rightly fitted in my world
A cute and fun way to meet psychology as a science.
Very good course and learning material is too good
Loved the professor plus everything that I learned
Very good course with a very wide range of topics.
One of the best Online Introduction to Psychology. 
Mr. Bloom was very engaging, this course is great!
Incredible course, absolutely incredible lecturer.
Great course with great videos and amazing teacher
Really engaging course with a wonderful professor.
Absolutely fantastic course and amazing Professor. 
Great course, comprehensive approach to psychology
simply an amazing experience and an amazing course 
Wonderful introductory course. Highly recommended.
great course with a lot of extra content and links
Excellent approacho to start to study psychology! 
Kept my interest and even provided a few chuckles 
Dear Mr. Bloom, Thank you for your enlightenment.
Excellent course, go for it to better yourselves!
very informative and detailed introduction course
THANK YOU SIR I was able to lean about phychology
Excellent overall, thoroughly enjoyed the course!
Excellent content, well delivered and evaluated.
Thanks for showing me another perspective of me!
Well-selected topics and very insightful teacher
Great course to get the basics about psychology! 
FantasticA great general overviewI learned a lot
Great course, the information is really helpful. 
Thank you for sharing your knowledge generously!
Great overview and very easy to follow. Thanks!!
Geat course! Well prepared, fully professionall. 
Excellent psychology course. Very comprehensive.
I highly recommend this course. I learned a lot.
I really enjoyed this class! :) I am so happy!!
Incredibly informative, engaging and enjoyable!
Fantastic course. Very helpful,  very complete.
This is a lively, engaging, informative course.
Wonderful course for  a beginner in psychology.
i love it it was amazing i really learned a lot 
It was really a spectacular series of lectures!
I enjoyed the course so much! really well done.
I learnt and knowledge of coirse using coursera
lovely course. very informative and interesting
it is a fantastic course and i wish for part 2
Very thorough and in-depth. Highly recommend!!
Great,Very educational and applicable to life!
Very insightful course. I highly recommend it! 
A lot of information to cover but does it well
The presentation is very interesting and clear
Professor Bloom is great, thank you very much!
Great course, very interesting and informative 
Great place to start with psychology studies!
The course was really cool .I really liked it
Great class, I've learned so much! Thank you!
Good content with excellent production value!
I learned more Than i thought Its worth taken 
Great form of delivery! enjoyed every video.
Wonderfully engaging and educational as well
The is a very informative and active course!
A truly engaging and mind opening experience
great course. Helped my mental health a lot. 
Informative, educational and well presented.
Wonderful explanation throughout the course. 
Excellent introduction to the subject matter
The Course was very engaging and informative
Thank you so much professor for this course. 
I found a wonderful course like this course. 
ITS VERY INTERESTING AND KNOWLEDGABLE CLASS
i really loved this course and recommend it
A fantastic course; comprehensive overview! 
Good course to introduce you to psychology.
Very grateful to Professor Bloom. Thank you
excellent course from an excellent teacher!
I strongly suggest everyone this course!!!!
It was really wonderful. Thank you so much.
I enjoyed by learning this couse. Thank you
This course was such a pleasure, thank you!
Very informative and enjoyable ! Thank you!
A well rounded package with great delivery. 
Excellent course. I strongly recommend it .
I loved the course!! I really recommend it!
gran curso, gran docente, lo disfrute mucho
great course, highly recommend to everyone! 
Stirred my interest for psychology further!
A very nice, comprehensive and rich course.
A perfect course in contemporary psychology
A broad review of Psychology, learned a lot
THANK YOU FOR ALL LESSON YOU'VE GAVE TO US
Amazing course, and even better Professor!
This made me fall in love with psychology!
best course to understand people behaviour
Very interesting and understanding classes
Absolutely one of the best online courses. 
Excellent Instruction, highly recommended.
Sweet, simple, and straight to the point!
Great overview, super engaging professor.
LOVED IT MORE THAN everything I EVER haVE
Accessible, straightforward and engaging.
The course is quite engaging and amazing.
Thanks profession so much. Thanks Couresa
Excellent course. Had a pleasure learning
Great content and very engaging lectures.
Really nice course happy to be engaged in 
A good introductory course to psychology.
Excellent beginners course to Psychology.
Excellent! Engaged and inspired! Thanks.
Excellent course i have learnt soon much
Well structured and accomodating course.
its an excellent course... i loved it...
Great course. Thoroughy enjoyed learning 
Its was very interesting and informative
It was really good I learned many things
very good class ..i like it .i enjoy it.
The course was amazing. It was so clear.
Thoroughly engaging from start to finish
The animations were excellent! Loved it!
Very helpful course. Thank you very much 
Great experience and easy to understand. 
Very enjoyable first look at Psychology.
very informative and up to date content. 
Great dont be afraid to give it a shot !
very good start in the topic psychology
Loved the course. Thank you Paul Bloom!
Such helpfull to being a crative human.
really interesting and engaging course!
Great lecture from a resourceful person
Great course! Enjoyed all the sessions!
Great course! I have really enjoyed it. 
Great introduction course for everyone!
Great course! Loved every second of it!
Such an interesting course it was!!!!!
Great course, just a little too simple
Very interesting and helpful. Thanks!!
An excellent and very engaging course. 
great course to start with Psychology. 
Excellent ! It was a flawless course ! 
Excellent overview, engaging insights!
its very interesting to learn about it
Very comprehensive and easy to follow. 
Much needed course for all acedmicians 
Great course, can highly recommend it.
Excelente curso! Estou amando fazer-lo
Excellent course. I really enjoyed it! 
Wonderful course. Thank you very much!
THE perfect introduction to psychology
The instructor and course was awesome
Excellent course, excellent professor
had been better than my expectations.
Very helpful course for the begginers
Wonderful course from begging to end.
I really enjoyed learning Psychology. 
Gained Great Knowledge  on psychology
Great course! Would highly recommend!
Very informative and engaging course.
Interesting introduction of the field
A great start for psychology newbies!
Em que momento recebo o certificado?
Informative and very helpful indeed!
Communication skills are very useful 
Awesome and very interesting course!
I got a lot of knowledge. I like it.
I liked the course, I learned a lot!
Great, clear and easy to understand!
One of the best courses on Coursera.
Good communication and good training
Wonderful teacher, wonderful course!
one of the best experienceThank you!
Engaging course with useful content.
A very interesting, exciting course! 
Great foundational course! Thank you
Interesting to learn the subject....
A very inspiring course / thank you! 
Mil gracias, estoy muy entusiasmada,
I find it useful. Its a great course 
Very engaging and interesting course
Such  inspirational sessions....!!!
So informative precise and amazing!
Extremely insightful and enjoyable.
Love it so much. Sad that it ended.
thank you very much. really helpful
I loved every minute of this course
Very interesting course. Thank you!
Very informative and comprehensive.
Very engaging lecturer and content.
One of the best courses of my life.
Great course material and lecturer.
Great course extremely informative!
It is so clear. I know more from it
Thanks coursera for this platform.
To understand psychological view.. 
best course for intro to psycology
Loving this course so much. Thanks
Excellent and very detailed course
Well crafted.Easily Understandable
Thank you so much Professor Bloom!
Really good introductory course :)
Very nice course for beginners!!!!
VERY INTERESTING AND GOOD SAMPLES.
Thank you very much I learnd a lot
paul bloom is an amazing professor
Love this course thank you so much 
ITS VERY NICE COURSE TO LEARN FROM
An excellent beginner-level course
Amazing new experience of learning
Great course! I like it very much! 
The course is very good and useful
I'm grateful I stumbled onto this.
great course...highly recommend it
This course is very helpful to me.
easy and gonna be fun for learning
It was really a good experience .
Exceptionally structured content. 
It's very interesting  nd helpful 
Very interesting and informative.
Fantastic course! I recommend it. 
It was great learning this course
Very interesting and entertaining
A great way to explore our minds!
Great course, awesome instructor!
Really interesting and enjoyable.
The course is designed very well!
Amazing and very accurate course.  
very knowledgabale  course it was
I thoroughly enjoyed this course
VERY  RELAXING. WONDERFUL COURSE
The best course I've ever taken!
Very informative and insightful. 
very interesting and good course
I really loved this course alot!
Great teachers and great course!
I enjoyed this course SOOO much!
Great course!  Very informative! 
i am happy to finish this course
Great introduction to psychology 
Everyone should take this class.
Brilliant overview of the field. 
Very nice and informative course    
Amazing course. Very informative
It is too helpful. Thanks a lot
Best intro to psych on the Web!
Very useful course for everyone 
Very entertaining and rewarding
Interesting and really engaging 
Excelent. The best I have seen.
It was interesting and helpful.
The course was worth pursuing .
I enjoyed learning this course. 
Im hoping theres a part two ...
Professor Bloom is incredible!! 
Super interesting and engaging!
Learnt on basics in psychology
Very good introduction course!
Very good course on psychology 
Its amazing things im learning 
Useful for Carrier development
Excellent course! Fun content!
Excellent and Engaging course. 
Was a very interesting course.
Very good introductory course.
Great course given by a Master
really had a great experience!
Great. Engaging and inspiring.
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR EFFORTS
It was an awesome experience !
this coure is very insightful
Feel good to have this course 
verry informative and helpful
Great class. I learned a lot.
its really amazing and useful
Excellent course!!! Loved it!
great was really good course.
very good intro to psychology
Great engaging lecture videos
Amazing experience. Thank you
absolutely good for every one
Very engaging and informative
The best course on coursera.
it was great I learned a lot
Really helpful for learning. 
maravilloso curso me encanto
Thank u so much. So helpfull
thank sharing your knowledge
Great class! Thanks so much! 
Engaging! Best for beginners 
It was an amazing journey !!
excellent and helpful course
Great content and professor.
very good course, thank you!
absolutely love it!!Thanks!
Good overview to Psychology 
A very comprehensive course
The course is just amazing.
Very helpful and insightful
i really enjoyed the course
Absolutely brilliant course
A good learning experience. 
good content and structure, 
Professor Bloom was superb!
A very informative course ! 
This course is so so great!
Great course and professor!
Great course. Very exciting
Love studying from you Sir.
Very helpful as a refresher
loved it!! he's so great!!
EXCELLENT EDUCATION SYSTEM
Got to learn a great deal! 
Great program !  Thxs Paul
More than what I expected!
A very interesting course!
Surpassed my expectations! 
Interesting and easy learn 
Perfect !!! Thanks you.you 
 Great quick intro to Psych
Engaging, Fun, Informative
Engaging and comprehensive
It is a very good course . 
TThis course is safe to me
very comprehensive course!
amazing and perfect course 
good course for beginners
Great class, great video!
Loved it! 100% recomended
Great learning experience
Enjoyable and informative
This course is excellent. 
Well taught and engaging!
It's too helpful.. Thanks 
Very interesting course!!
Just an amazing course :)
Engaging and well taught.
great knowledge i aquired
It is an amazing course! 
The Course is Excellent!
simply loved the course.
I just have a thank you!  
it was an amazing course
Very Informative and Fun
Nice course. I like it.. 
very interesting courses
Stimulating and helpful! 
this course it's amazing 
Short but great overview 
Excelente lo recomiendo.
The course was engaging.
Course is very well done
This was amazing course
A simply perfect course
Such a great professor! 
really fantastic course 
Great content and tutor
i like the coursera app
Perfecto! muy completo.
AwesomeGreat instructor
great course i loved it
Really Excellent Course
Thank you very much!!!!
Loved every part of it!
very easy to understand
Nicely compiled course.
What an amazing course!
Got to learn a lot! :)
Excellent Presentation
USEFUL AND INTERESTING 
Good. very informative
Learn about psychology
i love paul !!!!!!!!:)
thanks for this course
interesting and useful 
Yale is Best!!!!!!!!!
excelente aprendizaje
Very good and helpful
Really great Course!!
THANK YOU, PROFESSOR!
Nice course, engaging
Amazing Professor !!!
Loved it (like Trump)
Good course to learn
I loved this course!
Nicely done. Thanks!
This is great course
Awesome course!!!!!!
Course was very nice
Thank you very much.
Great introduction !
Thank you very much!
Meet my expectation.
I really enjoyed it! 
The Best of the best
The course very good
too good and helpful
Highly recommended !
I loved this course.  
Great introduction.  
Most updated course 
Great online class! 
super knowledgeable 
Good systematic course for beginners - although for real beginners some parts may be quite a bit too geeky, the promise that even if you don't know much about computers you will still be able to follow the course doesn't convince me. If you had some experience with programming, go at your own speed with the course materials and you will be able to finish within a couple of hours - I finished the whole seven weeks in two days, not working on it full time and watching all the videos, which is not really necessary. Some of the examples don't seem to make much practical sense, which would be good for motivation, but they serve their purpose to understand syntax and structure. Some have errors, which is surprising given the huge audience that can help to correct them. There are extra materials about hard- and software developers that are not really connected.
Coming at this with no experience in coding at all, this course was extremely difficult. I think the most difficult part of this class was following the videos. The reason is because real world uses weren't given very often. I struggled with motivation nearing the end of this course because the examples in the videos focused on the "what" the code does and not so much the "why." Because of this, the usefulness of some of the discussed functionalities in python are still unknown to me. To remedy that, I would recommend the exercises in the videos reflect what will be done in the assignments, at least to some degree. I couldn't help but get hung up on what "zork" had to do with anything (among a few other examples), or why I would ever need to find the largest letter in a phrase like "hello world." In fact, I think my biggest struggle going through this course was fighting thoughts like, "what am I going to use this for?" I would like to see more content related to solving real world problems, even if it's just in the bonus content.Overall, while it was very difficult, I really do recommend this course to others, and in fact I already have recommend it to two of my friends. The instructor seems like a really awesome guy, he's easy to listen to, and overall he's the kind of teacher than any student would love to have. 
Excellent overview of first few concepts in Programming in Python. Useful in understanding programming concepts (early early stages) for those who have never done programming and refresher for those who have, but it has been a while, I look forward to seeing how the other courses in the this series are. Only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating is because I think in addition to the given assignments there should be an extra assignment per week with practical applications. Granted not enough of the language is know yet to warrant anything really complex, but perhaps just number converter for scientific notation, or a tip calculator with code given that can make it practical to use (connect it to a website or phone application).
This is a very nice start for python beginners. Professor Charles Severence's way to teaching is very good.  This course will help you build a strong foundation in python. I liked the conditional sequences lecture from other lectures. The assignments  and quize were so engrossing and tricky which helped me a lot. Moreover the discussion forum is a nice help for fellow students. I would recommend you to take this course. I completed this course in 2 days along with all assignments and quiz submitted. The bonus videos give a nice exposure about successful people and career. I also loved them.
It's not as updated as python's latest version and it's sort of not possible to keep the teaching material up to date, in online courses, I was using Python 3.8.2 while learning this course and the final problem was always giving me an error telling me that " '>' not supported between instances of 'float' and 'NoneType'"but the problem didn't show me any error on the autograder. so it's cool! and you are a very great professor, really very interesting content!
great course, some  more examples can be included
This Course is really very helpful for beginners.
good course but its more basic than i expected 
Nice course to have a clear idea of python
Went through important things needed, some felt very easy as I learned a bit on my own prior to the course. I found the graded material to be good and on topic. The multiple choice  assignments were very, very easy, while coding exercises were super simple, with an increase in difficulty in the last couple. Questions and online text editor were specific in how they wanted the questions to be done, something I was worried about a little. I would rather use Pythons built in IDE, however that's not exactly possible, using others would be hard to integrate as well. Maybe just submitting your .py file would make it seem more natural, the online editor was good, but felt weird and didn't act exactly the same with some traceback errors, and other functions, plus looking at black and white can get tiring really fast.If you have done any learning on your own, depending on how much, this first course may all be review for you, or mostly. It is good to get information from other sources that are reliable, as they will add certain bits and examples to help better understand things. I was able to finish about the first 3/4ths very easily, and the last quarter wasn't very hard, or time consuming, I just didn't try to complete the assignments as quick or often. With some strong basic knowledge and time, you could potentially finish this in a week, and someone who is good with python a day easily, that's why it's for beginners. Switching from another language to python, depending on if you have any experience at all, you could skim through the material very fast, shouldn't have any issues, since it would all be syntax.
Dr. Chuck makes the course quite simple.  At the beginning of the course, he patiently introduces some preparing steps such as python installation and screenshot tools, which is quite useful for students  with little computer knowledge. During the course, Dr. Chuck manages to use the simplest language to explain the concepts. The slides use different colors to differentiate different elements in a script, indicating Dr. Chuck's consideration for the students. The course reminds me of the sentence from The Zen of Python, "simple is better than complex."The course is a beginning course for python. I studied Visual Basic in my freshman year, and now, three years after VB, I found the assignments quite easy. So I advise that if you have prior knowledge of other languages, you can use the book provided by Dr. Chuck to quickly understand the concepts and view some example code. Then you can directly jump to the assignments and I suppose that it would not be too hard for you. I heard MOOC one year ago and enrolled several courses at Coursera. However, this is my first finished course. Sometimes the network speed of the school was too slow to view the videos and this really slowed me down. I also had some school work and exams. Now I am at the end of my undergraduate study and have enough time to take MOOCs. $310 is quite expensive for me but I hope I can accomplish the five courses of this specialization and some day I'll come back to pay for the certification.Thanks to Dr. Chuck and mentors.Tao.ZhengHuazhong University of Science&Technology, P.R.China
The course is extremely easy, even for those with no programming background like myself, but I suspect this is on purpose: it helps dispel anxieties and build confidence, so that students feel encouraged to continue with the specialization or seek out more advanced individual courses. I know that I found myself creating more complicated versions of the assignments and looking up ways to make them work, but that's a good thing: it's important for a course to spark curiosity and invite experimentation. Obviously, you need to keep your expectations in check: you won't turn into a professional programmer at the end of one easy course or specialization. However, you can start figuring out how to automate some of your own work or how to talk to programmers if you're working on a project together.  As a bonus, Dr. Severance explains things very clearly and is quite enjoyable to watch, which was a nice change from other MOOCs I've taken before. I'm only giving it four stars because I think there should have been more assignments, as well as a mechanism to discourage plagiarism (it was obvious to me that some participants copied their code from various online sources, which is partly why they couldn't figure out why it didn't work or didn't produce the correct output).
As a beginner course, I think this is a very good course. The basics are covered in a very easy going manner and the instructor is definitely very good at breaking things down into words which probably anyone can understand.  But somehow it lacks the content. Not that it's necessarily a bad thing here. If i were a beginner in programming, I wouldn't have been able to learn a lot from this course alone. So, I would highly advise that you do practice of the concepts you learn and try experiments and stuffs, read the book and solve more questions, etc. That way, you'll have a lot of confidence in the language and its concepts. For those who are more well verse than someone who hasn't coded before, or  like me, who has reached almost intermediate levels (in C++ and has learned a little bit of JAVA), it wasn't that fruitful for learning something new. Not that I was expecting this course to teach me in-depth. I enrolled in the course for the certificate and brushing up on the concepts I have already learned in past. To summarize, it's a great course. The instructor is great. The tests are simple. The coding questions help you develop basic problem solving skills. 
I think its a very good introductory course for someone that's never done anything related to computers in general and want to learn and master a new skill for the future. Python is one of the most famous programming languages and the wide range of things you can do with it are almost unmeasurable. Taking this course made me increase my self confidence that i can at some point take another path with my professional life.The only reason i would give 5 star to the course if because its divided in 5 different courses. The in the 2nd as far as i can see there are some chapter repeated, like "how to install python" that is completely unnecessary and such a waste of time for students. Also it would be great if students could choose since the very beginning if they want to take the whole extensive course and focus in learning the fastest and deepest the possible if it really caught you than going thru each of them stopping your learning process.Apart from this small details i couldnt recommend it more.
This is a very good introductory course for people with zero programming experience. I had used Matlab in school. And at work, I and did some python by just reading documentary and googling, which was really time-consuming without any basic knowledge. That's why I wanted to take a course to walk me through. I completed the whole course in 1 day, about 8 hours, by X1.5 speed playing the videos. The course is well structured, easy to follow, with a very supportive community. Thanks to the quick response from the TA in the discussion forum, I get to solve my question so fast.What I also like about the course is that the professor is so passionate about programming, about open source, which really inspired me. He had included a lot of interesting additional material, like interviews with the creator of Python, the creator of Arduino. The only thing that I think could be improved for this course is to include more and in-depth assignment.
  I love this course. I won't deny the fact that I loved Python better and understood more the basics of computing through this course. I will encourage anyone interested to learn to program to start with this course.I want to commend Prof. Charles for his elaborate pedagogy in delivering this course. He makes learning sweet, especially the lecture on "loop idioms" where he asked us to figure out a way to find the smallest and largest value in a loop. It was a class I racked my brain but couldn't find an answer but he explained to the barest way for everyone to understand. I recommend this course for all who wish to know more about programming and Python.Thank you for the knowledge you imparted, Dr Chuck. You made me reason how a computer does see our instruction and not how human see those instructions. Also giving one more reason to love bugs is key to success in programming.Thanks again!  
Really, both the course and the course instructor are awesome. I had started learning Python on my own but this course has clarified a lot of things in Python for me. I have now understood the Python code structure pretty well, that it should not only be a solution to a problem but also smart in its own way.Dr. Chuck too seemed a very jolly person and a great instructor. His academic degrees and status and outstanding knowledge of Python are proof of that. I am grateful to have learned Python from him and would look to continue learning from Coursera. The Coursera platform was also very helpful for me. Like keeping notes of something in the lecture video, or bonus videos for extra knowledge, etc.Overall it was a good experience for me and my learning. I enjoyed all the lecture videos and the bonus videos as well. Thanks to Coursera and Dr. Chuck for teaching us students.
Positives: Enthusiastic, easy to listen to instructor. Course made easy for someone new to programming.Negative: The supplementary videos don't add anything to the course imo, some seem downright pointless. One or two of these might be ok, but it seems like there's a dozen.Personally: I was a programmer over a decade ago and am looking to refresh my knowledge and was looking for a gentle re-introduction to programming, this is certainly a gentle introduction, too easy for someone with prior knowledge of programming I think. Anyway can't fault the course for this as it's meant to be for everyone. I would definitely recommend this course for a raw beginner. If like me you have some prior programming experience, then I'd recommend skipping the non course related videos, and skimming through the course lectures or maybe find a more challenging 'beginner' course.
The quality of the content is excellent and is presented clearly (although the lecturer drinking various things throughout the lectures was odd...). I plowed through all seven weeks in a day because I had already finished the first three weeks of the Rice University Python course (also on Coursera); I would say this entire course is nearly equivalent to the first three weeks of the Rice course. My reasons for doing this are two-fold: (1) practice, practice, practice, and (2) I plan to take all four courses in this series from U Mich - I am interested in the web and database aspects that do not seem to be covered in the Rice course. I did learn a thing or two from each course that was not presented in the other, but those points were relatively minor and would probably be stumbled across on a future troubleshooting visit to stackoverflow.
This course is good if you are a complete beginner when it comes to programming. If you have intermediate experience and just want to learn the language I think you will find this course rather slow -  most of the time is spent on explaining basic programming concepts such as loops, variables, conditional statements etc. I personally got through the entire course in about 1 afternoon. If you already have experience with a different programming language this course probably isn't for you. In fact if you understand the basic concepts I listed above then this course will be of very little value to you. The information about Python this course provides can probably be found in a YouTube video. 4.5/5 for complete beginners, 2.5/5 for more experienced programmers
An good introduction to Python geared towards people without programming experience.If you already have a good programming experience the only interesting thing of interest will be the syntax, but that's just a fraction of the video's time. You will probably start skipping forward on the basic ideas of how computers work and lessons will take just the time to listen to the videos and you probably will be able to finish a couple of lessons in one evening, instead of a week.I really appreciated the extra videos that give some background on the history behind programming.At the end of this course you will have a basic idea of how a computer works and how you can instruct it to do still very basic things.
Great introduction to Python (although, I knew it before, so I may have an advantage), I give it 4/5 stars only because it ignored Python 3, which is what most of the industry does anyhow, but it is still worth noticing.Plus, the way that many firms work, they just look for keywords, so putting both Python 2 an Python 3 on a resume would help.That being said, the course encourages doing derived courses to help others learn programming and gain mastery over "dumb but fast" computer systems, and I wholly support that attitude.So just for that, I would give it more than five stars out of the "possible" five, because programming allows one to expand what is possible, beyond past limits and systems.
I like the videos instructing the material but I also like the additional videos e.g. the interviews with Guido van Rossum. It makes the course more interesting. The instructing videos are of high quality, to the point. The videos are without pauzes of a tutor who lost his story for a moment, on the contrary, the tutor is a professional teacher.For an absolute beginner this course is reachable , no steep learning curve.The transcript of the spoken text below the video is great, it underlines realtime the audio fragments that are spoken. For non-native people this can be of a great aid. For a seasoned programmer in other programming languages this course is very easy an can be done in 2 days. 
This is a great class for absolute beginners but if you come from C or a similar language, this is quite challenging. Also there are some typos in the exercises, so you have to pay attention to what is "probably asked" if it doesn't seem to make sense... I found the writing style of the tasks a bit too sloppy because I am used to straight-forward mathematical or physical programming tasks and not so much "Well, this is fun, let's see what do do with it!" statements. But that is a matter of personal taste, I guess. Anyway, I can recommend this class to anyone interested in learning Python without scientific background. I do recommend an attitude of "interest in logic" though ;-)
The course itself is wonderful,very instructive, well organized, and easy to understand. My only "complaint" is that it is too simple. That being said, this course is the fundamental of the fundamental of python. Mastering this sole course is far below enough to wield python as a powerful data analyzing tool. Also, I think even though this is designed to be an intro course, for people like me who is a total rookie in the world of computer science, it should have mentioned, at least touched upon a little of what is algorithm, because there is no way we won't come across various algorithms in the future of learning computer science. I just think it'd be good to have a heads-up. 
A great (and gentle) introduction or review of fundamental concepts in Python programming and basic computer science. The lectures are clear and the assignments are relevant/well-designed. This course series is second only to MITx 6.00.1x over at edX, which is considerably more challenging, time-consuming, and somewhat better executed. The code grader for the MIT course test a wide array of cases to ensure that the student has minimal leeway in terms of shortcuts while one could easily fool the auto-grader in this course.  The assignments also lack depth and challenge compared to the MIT assignments.Overall, the course is well organized and a great option for beginners.
This course, as its name suggests is for anyone including people who have no previous background in programming. One can skip parts based on her experience. Having some experience in programming, I still found it useful. It gives the basics of the language, syntax, what happens when we interact with a computer etc. The instructor was well prepared not only in terms of content but also it is obvious he cares about things like teaching at scale. I also liked he gave credit to everyone who helped him to prepare for the course. I suggest this to anyone who wants to learn python, based on ones experience and dedication, completing all the content can take down to 1-2 days.
Nice and well structured class. I liked it to learn the basic Python syntax (loops, functions etc.), before you get to data structures in the second class. At first, that was counter-intuitive to me, since in other courses on different programming languages, it was the other way around, but it worked quite nicely. The only weakness of the class: In the assignments where you have to enter your code to get a specific output, just getting the output was not enough. A more or less concrete code was required. It was sometimes a bit frustrating to figure out what went wrong. But anyhow: A good course for anyone with little programming experience and a wish to learn Python!  
The course was very basic. It was nicely taught and the examples and the lectures were really enjoyable. However, some shortcomings I felt were that the colors in the slides could have been a bit clearer. Another thing was that some concepts were introduced in the lectures which were not explained completely. A real beginner would not be able to understand them which would in some parts defeat the purpose of the course.Other than that, I felt the course was really structured well. The assignments were easy and the quizzes did test the knowledge about the subject taught so far. It was such that any new person would not feel discouraged.Keep up the good job people.
The course materials are presented in a clear way and gives a picture of what we are trying to accomplish.I started with some basic understanding in computer programing, so I find it rather easy for the first part. But I can not speak for everyone because this course is called Progarming for Everybody. There are some basic concepts that seem easy but take years to master. The only problem I have is with the network connection quality. I study in China but the website or the app do not always work. I used proxy, another proxy, no proxy, so back and forth. But it's like every time I try to study I still need to count on the connection quality, which is annoying. 
All lectures are presented very professionally and in form which is easy to understand. Steady progress easy to learn. Unfortunately practical part doesn't allow too much flexibility to play with the code. To do extra work, add some features, be just little more creative. I understand that it was graded by program and needs to have some limits but this can be solved by given hard criteria that needs to be met and peer assessment grading which will wider students horizon by checking others code. To see others ideas. This missing spark for creativity make me to give "only" 4 starts. In whole it is great course worth any minute spend.Thank you. Vlad
Great Course for beginners to start their career in Python and Data Science.  The course is all about basic topics that each individual should get hands-on when they're new to Python Programming. And one of the advantages is that no prerequisites are required to get into the course anybody who wanted to develop their skills and interested in learning a new skill apart of their daily routine can opt for the course. All the topics/lessons from the course were greatly taught by Charles Severance, mentor for the course. Each of them was explained clearly with relevant examples and exercises to work on. I definitely recommend opting for this course.
Great start for Pythonistas. For auditting, at-least the questions for the assignments should have been visible. Was quite disappointing to find that questions and auto graders were disabled for free learning. Although, later on i was able to find the auto grader on the "py4e" website. Helped a lot just to know that I could still continue my learning. Great teacher, a lot of fun teaching examples. Easy-paced, and well explained. Although, sometimes Charles would just deliver a lot of clarity on what he is trying to say, which ultimately led to confusion ;). I understood it though, since I am not new too programming as a whole. Great wit though!
It's a pretty good course. I think it's probably amazing for beginners, as it teaches all the basics for getting started with programming.Even though i already knew the basics of what was taught here, there were a couple small things here and there that were new to me and it was nice learning them.It was funny and weird for me how the first programming exercise wanted me just to correct the word/function "print", and it had 1 hour assigned to the expected time i would spend on it. But, overall, I liked this course quite a lot. Still, i think it could have a couple more exercises and that they could gradually become a little bit more complex.
Nice course!  It is definitely a beginner's course, and my only complaint is that in order to be able to take the capstone course we will have to pay for and be certified for this course.  I really think there should be an option for people who aren't absolute beginners to enter the track at a later point and still be able to get the full cert and/or do the capstone.  After all, this track is geared toward using Python for analysis and data science, which is hardly a topic that is for absolute beginners.For what it is, though, namely a very beginning level course to teach the concepts of programming with Python, it's very well executed.
  Nice course with really energetic prof charles teaching python from the very basic. Very apt course for people starting out with programming and helps them to reach specialization after completion of 4 other such courses. The quiz and graded assignments help you check your learning curve. It helped me a lot and though it is a 7-week course it can be done a lot faster. I completed it in 4 days even though I was doing a bunch of other stuff along with this course, well it was due to my prior knowledge in other programming languages. I would recommend all of you guys to take this course who are beginning their journey in python.  
While I don't encourage you use python, this course does achieve what it sets out to do. This course is an easy place for beginners to start their python learning, teaching concepts such as: variables,loops,error checking, Boolean checks, functions, and even how to download python. Don't be dissuaded by the long time commitment, with an understanding of these concepts from other languages a person can do this course in much less time than what they planned for. The teacher is clear and passionate. The work is not difficult. The language used is not complex. If you decide to learn python, this is a good point to begin. 
It is as stated: Programming for Everybody (who hasnt had any expsoure to programming). If you dont know about computers and you dont know about programming, this course is for you. On the other hand: if you do have a basic understanding of computers and/or programming, than this may no be the right course for you: The beginning is too slow - the stuff about CPUs & memory etc. is really for people who dont know about computers at all. The overall pace is too slow. My suggestion would be toa) shorten the introductiory partb) increase lurning-curve & depthc) add more complex assignments -> maybe as "bonus assignments"
This course is very good for the beginner and intermediate person that wants to learn or refresh their skills in programming.  i first learned programmer in college (17 years ago) using FORTRAN.  I had to learn it in semester; this course provides an interesting format and instruction (Dr. Chuck is a good teacher).  This first course gives you a little back ground and it gets you started with the process of programming.  I would have given the course a 5 star, but i found the book a challenge to follow for a beginner.  I fumbled my way through it. only because of my past experience with FORTRAN programming. 
The course was very good and even the instructor was very good . I easily understood all the concept and it help me to improve my skills . I loves the assignments and quiz very much which invokes my thinking skill more and more and forced me think and  make coding easy. Only problem I had that the theory can me more deep and less advance so that the we can relate to it more . And also if the link of next course will be provided in the last section then it will be easy to search because there are lots of course available on couresra. Lastly I want to thank all of the team . Thank you so much  
Good for people with no experience in programming. Course content and teaching is excellent. The only inconvenience is the online python editor which is used to submit the assignments. The output needs to exactly match character-by-character to the one shown in the desired output screen which is kind of trouble causing and takes time if you are looking to finish the trivial assignments quickly and move on the more advanced topics in the next course of this specialization.Nevertheless, the course as a whole is very useful and I recommend everyone to continue further with this specialization. 
I recently completed an Code Yourself! MOOC run by Edinburgh University which used Scratch to code. They recommended trying Python coding as a next step so I signed up for this course. I've found it to be excellent, fun, and challenging. I very much appreciate that Dr Severance makes all his materials freely available to download under the Creative Commons licence.I'm giving it a 4 rather than 5star rating is because I think new Coursera platform needs to be sorted out and improved. I've encountered several glitches in doing this course which are due to the platform not the course material. 
The beginning was a bit disjointed. For instance, once you opened the site and logged in you would find instructions to download certain things but it wasn't unclear exactly what you were doing. Then when you started the coursework the lectures would walk you through how to do all of that. It would have maybe been clearer if you started right with a lecture or an intro video that is the first thing you encounter on the site that explains how the site works and where you can find downloadable materials, etc. Otherwise, very helpful and Professor Severance is hilariously dorky. I loved him. 
It is a really good course to kick start the journey towards learning one of the most popular programming languages which is python. It starts with giving basic idea of python like variables, constants,statement and then moves onto type conversions. It then covers topics like conditional statements and goes to cover basics of function. Finally, it will end with loops. Additionally, in the beginning of the course, it will help u to install python in your pc which is quite good along with a text editor named atom. I believe this is good course to know about the basics of python.
a very very nice course made by a funny and good teacher, the course will help you step by step  on learning the basics of python by showing you explanations followed by a quiz (not really hard but very useful for the purpouse of helping the user to remember the lessons) and then by a proper exercise, the only thing i would add it would be a specific lesson on punctuation and syntax of the python lenguage becouse a couple of time i've been struggling with exercises and the problem were indentations and some punctuation.  Thank you a lot mr. Chuck, coursera and the community! 
I would say Dr. Charles R. Severance is a great professor as well as a great person. The way he taught all concepts and programming are way better than any other professor that I had ever learnt with. The reason I have given 4 star is that the last assignment was tricky one and there was no hint to that assignment, it was really hard. Otherwise , whole course was great and I am willing to learn more python courses ahead for getting specialization in this field and also very much interested to learn further courses with Dr. Charles R. Severance.Thank you!!   
I have learnt and enjoyed this course which  has opened the world of programming to me. Severance is a great instructor and has made lessons quite  nice and fun. I haven't had the time to go throughout all extra materials but I will in the next weeks. I haven't given it 5 stars because there are some moments when things get a bit complicated that I have missed a bit more "step by step" examples or information bit more clear  about some functions or just more examples. But ,it has been great  and I am looking forwards to continue the Specialisation. 
This course has truly helped me to understand the importance of python language in day to day life. I recommend this to everyone who are new to python and wants to learn the basics of it.  Secondly,the sir  explained it so well and understandable. literally divided each concepts  into different parts for better learning.Thirdly,i enjoyed doing quiz and program to run,it shows how much clear we are.Lastly it was a beautiful experiences. I,thanked to my colleges who recommended me this. You guys should give it a try i am sure you're gonna love it 1
Overall the course was fantastic. Teaching was spot on and the methods was brilliant. I only have one issue with this course and that's how it uses an auto grader. In my opinion they aren't that great because it only checks for valid input/outputs and not that you understand what it is you're doing. Other courses I've done expect work to be submitted and peer assessed so you can see how other people reach their answers and learn more from that experience.That said though anyone looking to get into computing I would recommend doing this course.
This course is meant to introduce you to programming in Python. The course takes you through the basic concepts of programming in Python, which are also applicable to other programming languages with a bit of syntax change. I liked the course thoroughly, but there needs more explanation of the concepts shared in the course. The recommended book is still rudimentary, people new to programming may find the text unfulfilling. Therefore, I recommend following some other book which is thorough in explaining the concepts shared in the videos.
Excellent material, fabulous tutor, 'd really be glad if I could have Professor Severance in real-life class. That's the only reason I do not give a straigth 5star reward, since I believe that the lack of real life interaction is not fully recovered by the quizzes and excercises, they should be more in my opinion. Of course, I understand that this course might also be intented for even a complete amateur and I respect the fact to let this quiz and test part simplified. I will definitely follow the next courses of the Python circle.
I chose this specialization path to learn more technical skills for a possible career change. Great for beginners, which is why I took this course.  I found I could move quickly through this course and completed it in about 4 weeks.  The last few online assignments get a little challenging because there were not exact query examples in the lectures to reference for certain work you were expected to submit.  I had to Google a few things for extra assistance and all worked out.I passed the course and am moving on the next one!
I have never programmed before nor ever thought I would be interested in coding.  I always considered myself to be more creative so I knew the materials would be challenging - for me.  However, the comprehensive materials were organized in a manner that the related quiz and assignments became manageable.  If I could share one thing to new learners on coursera is for students to refer to the forums as there's likely someone encountering the same error message(s).  The mentors are always helpful in pointing out errors.  Kudos!
The course was very easy if you got prior knowledge in programming in any other programming language. However this was a pretty good introduction to Python. I'm wondering why you are still teaching Python 2, when most people are already using Python 3 already. I've seen there are major differences between Python 2 and 3, most examples learned here would give Syntax error in Python 3.I think this used to be an older course, recorded several years ago. That's why Python 2 is being used. Python 3 is pretty much mature now.
I really enjoyed this course, and found it easy to keep up with the projects by setting aside one day a week. I find that the lectures move a little slowly, but simply speeding up the video time made it feel much more efficient. Following along with the e-book, I felt confident going through each of the exercises, and had a lot of fun while banging my head against the keyboard trying to figure out how to make things work (due to my own errors, not problems within the course).I'm looking forward to the next class!
so that is my very first online class i have ever attended and it is almost perfect .The features of lectures are as good as that of website.And i can swear the lecturer is cool through  his clean and simple explanation,even through online.It is not 5 stars because there may be some weakness about this class for someone else that i missed.Thanks coursera ,also a big thanks to UIT for this free course.I wish coursera can support young guys  better than before ,also, will be  more successful at the future.
I am currently learning Python from few other sources. I recommend this course for beginners with no or minimum coding experience. The course structure is helping me to gradually gain more understanding of Python. Personally, I like the last assignment because it taught me that the solution is sometimes simpler than we thought. It is just that I think as human rather than how computer would think. Dr Chuck and mentors are helpful and encouraging. I would definitely sign up for part 2 of the course.
This was my very first computer programming class and I had to get pointers from my in-house tutor here and there because my background is in the arts and things like cd dir meant nothing to me. However, I am proud to say that I finished the class and it is very challenging, but worth the time and effort to learn something new in 25 years. The on-line mentors give great hints when you are stuck and I like Dr. Chuck. He never makes folks feel dumb even though we definitely are when compared to him. 
I really like almost every part of this course.  It goes at a good pace for people who have no programming experience.  I previously attempted to take a Python course that did not explain enough of what it wanted, and I almost gave up on learning Python.  This course is not like that.  The only downside to it is that the professor explains almost too much; the pace is almost too slow.  If you have no programming experience but want to try Python, this is definitely the course to start with.
I have really enjoyed the course. It has been an interesting journey with the python programming by finishing the assignments and graded external tools. It is somewhat similar to the language like C language. But this is more interesting. The only difficulty I faced is in completing the assignment 5.2. But finally..after too many unsuccessful attempts..I have completed the course successfully. Thank you for giving us the opportunity via Coursera community. Thank you once again.
Great I would continue the specialty but one mentor is troubling. Unfortunately this person would intercept my and others (legit) questions and propose that we were repeating ourselves. At least in my case I believe she was wrong. Not only did our question go unaddressed; it made (me) reluctant to participate in any more forums. I would say that 50% of her answers were just zingers directed at the students. Four more courses with this persons 'help' in not interesting to me. 
Honestly there was certain aspects on the homework that you had to kind of infer and the videos we're helpful but could be broken down just as much or better as you did labeling the slides. Can be hard to folllow along, also the being locked out on the 3rd attempt if you don't pass is annoying, also not enough practice problems, the way these are setup I'm a need like 10-20 practice problems for each chapter and more quiz questions so I can learn this most effeciently
While the course was quite informative, I felt that Dr. Severence could had been much more slower in his approach, considering that the course is for beginners and for those who are absolutely new to programming and computers. I felt at some places, he was going too fast, assuming for granted that the person doing the course is already aware and understood of some of the advanced functions and codes. I suggest that he slows down in his teaching for easy understanding.
This course is literally for beginners. I finished 7 weeks of course-work in a week. I learned a lot and the progress made motivated me to continue. The professor is a good lecturer. He is not boring in the videos. I still feel like an early beginner and hopefully the rest of the specialization makes me into a Python pro! I would have given it a 5 star review but the last assignment/project was really tough and there was little guidance on how to build the code!
Very informative and fairly easy to follow. Sometimes the teacher made too many marks on the videos which was more confusing than illuminating. I also wish more of the lectures would have started with a problem you would solve and explain why you would want to sovle it.E.g. "Imagine you want to calculate how much you'll get paid if you work overtime at your new job and you want to quickly be able to calculate that without having to calculate by hand every time"
Overall, good slow pace training, some interesting bonus conversations. few exercises at the end rapidly gone from simple to more complex. Would be better to adjust a little in the beginning. Also, atom with command is not the best option. Might be more convenient to use space to run without command, while work in command on opening and closing of files, changing directories, etc. more than it was provided. But overall i liked the course. Thank you. 
There advice for Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python):I could only access to the course videos with VPN. There is internet block in mainland China.Please help to solve the internet connect problem.It shall add explanation to quizzes,like related to what materials,key knowledge or skills. Most of time we finish them without any reference and discussion.The course is incomplete. Please let me know if you add the rest content.Thanks.
Just finished the course "a little bit" ahead of February.Would have been a resounding five-star review but some "mentor" thought it necessary to hijack a thread by a student asking about the necessity of more than one "break" in a while loop to lecture about what constitutes pseudo-code and what does not on a non-assignment question. This didn't contribute to the original posters question.Despite that Dr. Chuck's courses are always a real pleasure!
While I found this course a little too easy (as anyone with a fair bit of programming knowledge would, and considering the fact that Python already does most of the heavy lifting for you - anyone who's used a slightly more typical programming language like C/C++ can attest to this) it's important to note the target audience for this course, and I believe for a total beginner this is an amazingly well planned course, with a *very* relaxed schedule.
This course is pretty easy, suitable for beginners, even for the high school students. If you already have some experience in other languages, there is no need to waste your time to take this course. Although it said that about 10 hours is needed to finish this course, I think less than 3 hours is enough. For those who already know other languages, this course is too simple, the homework is easy as well, go pursue other advanced courses!
Overall the course is nice and basically meant for beginners who don't have prior knowledge of python. In this course the references provided are fine and the video lectures are also good and at the most the Instructor is good at explaining concepts. The accent of instructor is good so even if you are not from western countries you can easily understand if you know basic English also you can read subtitles if needed. Happy Learning
This course is very helpful for new beginner to get general understanding and basic knowledge of Python!!If some friendly reminders could be included in the introduction, student could save time without keeping trying time and time again.( For example: some coding platform task can't be remarked as COMPLETED but it will not affect you to finish the course).As a whole, I love this course, and I will keep learning further courses.
This was a great fundamental course. I liked the lectures. The code editor and auto-grader felt lacking as I had some misleading error messages from the auto-grader even with identical output. I had to delete my leading comments to get the auto-grader to accept what was already correct output. The forums helped lead me in the correct direction--listed as indentation errors. This wasn't the problem but I was able to troubleshoot.
It was an awesome experience but the only issue is that when you stuck in any assignment then you will not have any help from university. There must be some contact of teachers who can guide or help the student when he or she stuck in any assignment and could not go further in course and then there exist a deadlock. 
This course starts off very slow but, picks up the pace near the end. The material presented is clear and easy to understand. I wish it was offered in Python 3 but, the structures are very similar and translate well. I plan on finishing the full specialization and then translating that knowledge into a lesser known language called Julia (which isn't readily offered yet). I definitely recommend this course as a place to start.
"The course is excellent of no matter your technical background is. The things are explained slowly and with a very comprehensive details of the codes in the course. This course will certainly help a lot of candidates to start their coding for the first time without common fears associated to coding classes.
A perfect course for first time coders and a perfect language to learn. Loved the classes, loved the pace of the class."
Great introductory course. Examples very procedural but serve purpose. Online grading system downgrades better code (example: use of min function vs if statement) but this is presumably because the exercises were not testing for best solutions but instead for solutions that included the language constructs explained in the previous chapter. Good pace for beginners. Slow for me but I am not intended audience for the course.
Very glad I done this course and very much enjoyed it. Got very hard towards the end, which kept me busy for many hours at a time. Challenging for a beginner, which is good. The only issue I had was that some times I'm not sure we were showed how to string the different things we have learnt together, that's my only criticism. The Assignments took me 'a lot' longer than the specified time.Will take the next 4 courses soon.
Great course. Although the paste of the course was a bit slow for a person who is already familiar with programming languages other than Python, speeding up the sessions solved everything. The only draw back which prevents this course from reaching five stars is the lack of more challenging problems that could have been put in the course as a bonus for those who are after wrestling with codes a bit more. The rest is good.
I learned a lot. I'm a total beginner however, so I found it difficult. Professor Chuck is affable, and if there was one bit of feedback that I know we all should be aware of is our consensus bias or "the curse of knowledge." Some students are not first language English speakers and have absolutely no idea of programming to begin with. Could Professor Chuck make a new "Pre-Beginner Python Course"? I think I needed it ;)
The course moved along at the perfect pace.  If I ever had any questions, the course assistants responded very quickly.The only downside of the course was there really weren't enough exercises.  They don't have to count towards the final course grade.  I feel I wasn't writing enough code to make me feel like I will retain much of what was covered from week to week.  Practice exercises might help entrench the knowledge.
Being a mechanical engineer and having very less coding background I learnt quite many things. The instructor is not at all boring and explains comprehensively. Sometimes he explains the logic as if we are a child but it's also enjoyable. At a few places, I felt that he is showing some unnecessary footage like corporate office visits and all that stuff. Skipping that,  overall its worth to invest for a novice like me. 
The course was great. The videos and assignments were clear, well paced, and the forums were useful in getting questions answered. The lecturer made the material easy to understand. I've taken down one star just because I think potentially more ground could have been covered in the course, and the quiz and assignments were quite easy (in other words, could have been more challenging). Great experience overall though!
For me to take any course, the instructor's passion and interest towards teaching the course plays a major role. Dr. Severence's passion towards programming is evident from the first few lectures. When a teacher explains so ardently, how can a student not fall in love with the course? I admire his casual yet rigid method of teaching and recommend this course for anyone who wants to get a basic introduction to Python
This course is a very good place to start learning programming. Although I have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, I still found the delivery style in the course very interesting. It is a great course for someone who is trying to learn how to program. Python, as a language itself is very intuitive and this course helps a new learner understand the basics of programming as well as learn the language easily.
Very Good Descriptive way of teaching Python. Beginners and Other language programmers will get clear understanding of Python and its environment. Every Week one Technocrat interview is Awesome, especially Guido van Rossum interview and his efforts on Python design. Thanks a lot.   On the other side, course can be little bit fast instead of 7 Weeks can be a 4 Weeks course.Looking forward for other Python Modules.   
The course is very useful as a good overview to programming with Python and a quick look at some of the basic functions. Is a good introduction for the later Python courses in the series. The first few lectures are a very general introduction to programming as a concept rather than Python specifically so can be skimmed over if you're not completely new to the concept. Overall, a good introduction to the topic.
I really enjoyed the course. Dr. Severance is an excellent instructor. I don't have a background in computer science (I'm a marketing, journalism major from 1991) but I did not feel intimidated as I expected. I had to repeat the lecturers over and over again and refer to forums. I'm not sure if I could write code or follow and complete those exercises by myself without help. I look forward to the next course.
Good intro to content/concepts. After chapter 4, it seems to have picked up pace just a bit fast.Can't say that I am ready to do any programming on my own, still need the clues and book to accomplish something basic. With the following courses, can I expect to become more proficient on what was covered in course 1 or has the ship sailed?Thanks and I would appreciate your feedback.Robertorobertoserrano@msn.com
Good basic introduction to Python. The course should be easy to understand and follow even if you are not a programmer. To top it all Chuck is an amazing teacher full or energy, enthusiasm and knowledge. His love for Python is seen in each and every chapter. I am glad that I took this course on Coursera. Will definitely recommend this to others. Would love to take the advanced part of the course soon.
This course is a basic introduction to python 3 programming and Dr. Chuck is a wonderful instructor. The course can be completed in a matter of few days or a week, depending upon each individual's time constraint, without having any prior programming knowledge. Although, the course could include a few more higher difficulty assignments but otherwise, the course is an apt starting point for beginners.
Despite being slow and the tutor being a tad too gregarious (though I like it), the course really sets a fine foundation for late entrants to coding world. The examples used are often simple or even silly (they do come with that disclaimer) but they make a point to encourage you to try harder stuff on your own. I suggest you try out your own little codes before attempting the session end assignments. 
Very good course for programming beginners. Dr Severance makes good use of real-world analogies to explain programming concepts.  I'm somewhat new to Python, but not to programming. I'm interested in the more advanced aspects of the language but decided to take this first course to make sure I didn't miss any critical building blocks.  Good thing, as I didn't know about the try/except construct. :)
I tend to see the lectures on iPad and work exercises on a PC. In some cases the iPad was not synchronized with the data shown on PC. Also the exercises had been updated from previous courses, but the tasks and preferred answers had not been updated correctly. However, it was rather easy to detect and get the correct answer. Otherwise very well presented lessons and reasonable well organized tasks. 
The course is well-structured, and the Auto-grader really streamlines the course.I enjoyed Dr. Chuck's explanation and lecturing style very much. I think it is a very good introduction to Python and programming in general.Having said that, I actually already had experience programming with C++ & Java and so it's difficult to provide useful feedback regarding course difficulty.P.S: Love the book!
The class is easy to follow. There are a few lesson that require more explanation and more exercises. I would have love to see more in depth explanation about loops and functions. I found the course to be fun with little amount of  pressure or stress. Prior to the this class, I had not experience with any programming language. I had not problem following and finishing the course ahead of time.   
It doesn't seem like a course for complete beginners to me. Mr. Severance explains in the most amazing way the logic behind and the structure of code, but he doesn't explain the most basic commands first (I'm on week 5 now and it gets more complicated and less understood to me). I really enjoy listening to video lessons, but it feels like it would be more useful if I had some basic knowledge.
chapter 4 needs a little work.  I worked all the examples in every chapter before doing the quizzes or even watching the videos.  Chapter 4 was so hard to get anything to work that I only did a few things.  Other than that everything was very good.  More and simpler exercises at smaller intervals would be helpful as well.  I needed a lot more practice than this gave me, but I muddled through.
There should have been more exercises on loops, especially definite ones. We had a couple of exercises on infinite loops but none on definite. Also, there should be a way to practice the code along with Chuck as he gives examples using a short & quick code for more practice. Something like a smaller version of the code tool could be right there along side the video. That would help. Thanks.
The course is helpful to get you started. Start paying careful attention to the details in the video and refer the book by Dr. Chuck. The assignments can get a little tricky as it it takes time to absorb everything in the video. Refer to discussion forums to get an idea. It would be really nice if the course modules went a little more slower into details to help us with the assignments. :)
I loved the course. I have taken multiple classes of python in DataCamp and Udemy. The professor's enthusiasm and I love for the topic was obvious. However, in week 7 there was a big leap in the difficulty of the material, that is why I am giving the class four stars. Its a great beginning course but the degree of difficulty needs to be consistent so that total beginners aren't scared of. 
Good course for the basics of Python taught by a very enthusiastic and entertaining instructor. 4 stars instead of 5 only because the assignments go really easy on you, and some of the videos were perhaps a little longer than they needed to be provided the material being explained. Overall, very good course. I would recommend it to anyone new to programming looking to learn about python.
This is fairly simple course the introduces students to the world of Python, without requiring any previous programming knowledge. I enjoyed it especially because it was presented in a clear manner, and the quizzes and assignments really made sure that I had understood all the information that was transmitted. I would have liked, however, that the level of complexity was a bit higher.
Really easy to follow intro to programming in python. I would say that this is really for people who have never programmed before. The material is well written and easy to understand. If you have any programming experience you could probably spend about an hour learning the material presented in this course. Any additional time you spend would really just be practicing with examples. 
Good course. Professor is well-spoken and entertaining. I know that answers to quizzes were not posted to prevent cheating, but an explanation of quiz answers after submitting the quiz would have been very helpful for me. Some of the assignments were a bit tricky to figure out, but I felt like I had all the resources to do so. I wish there was an extra tutorial about using Terminal.
I think this would be a very good introduction to anyone starting to learn to program in a new language - Having experience in other languages meant that I was able to skip most of the lectures and complete the quizzes/assignment with a python 'cheat sheet'. Hopefully still a useful background for learning more in-depth python features. Lectures were interesting and well-structured.
this was enjoyable as well as very much new knowledge giving course for me because I ma from a different background. I am a mechanical student but was interested in learning basic concept about programming and python language and this course helped me a lot. thanks to my university VelTech as well as university of Michigan who offered me this opportunity to learn about new things.
Pretty good introductory course into Python -- very interactive and useful videos, assignments, and quizzes. One thing you should note before starting the course is that it is broken up into two parts -- Getting Started with Python (this one) and the Data Structures one. Only thing I'd suggest to the creators is to make more videos and go more in depth as to how to write things.
Great introduction to the language. I'd love to see some more worked examples in the text book (to accompany the exercises), as I've found myself using StackOverflow for much of the time.  Access to the Vodcasts (only recently found these) via iTunes/Prime have also helped a lot whilst travelling outside of WiFi areas. Definitely will be continuing the Specialization from here! 
I'd recommend this course for those who are just starting with programming and computer science. This course is geared towards beginners, much of assignments and quizzes are straight forward. I completed this course in two days although you're supposed to normally finish it in 7 weeks. The instructor is very good, his teaching style is very unique compared to others. Good luck
This is a course for complete beginner, but I have some knowledge of python and that why this course is not as helpful as I want. But this course is wonderful and I recommend  this course of my junior.                                                                                                                                                                         Thank you
I was not exactly happy with the method of teaching and its pace. I can code in Java, C/C++ so it was pretty easy for me but I felt that for a new beginer it would be a bit difficult. Although I felt this course is good for someone who knows a bit of programing and wants to start learning python(like me). Otherwise the material and videos were very useful! Thankyou Dr. Chuck!
Very good course to start. I'd wish to have more exercises, though. You could add questions or exercises into the videos, not only the Quiz at the end. Further would be useful to have like 2-3 programming exercises at the end for the audiograder. Compared to other courses it was quite easy to earn this certificate, which on the other hand can be very motivating for beginners.
It was a very interesting course. It is actually an introductory course to Python, well structured and not so difficult to follow for someone who has some experience in programming (like VBA, SQL). The assignments are not very difficult but sometimes tricky (a fruitfull thinking is required).I believe that I fullfiled my goal which was to achieve a first experience in Python.
It's a beautiful course that will give you a good image of how you computer works and how you can make simple programs with Python programming. It would be useful to explain more on the part of how to work with Python program without using your mouse. Anyway you will have fun, learn about programming and it's history and get the bigger picture of programming in a short time.
This is an excellent course for a complete newcomer to programming and the professor has taken great care to address the newcomers. However, I would advise anybody with any programming experience to not take the course. If you have a non python programming background and are learning python, then you can quickly learn some syntax, do all the assignments and clear the course.
Dr. Severance takes students at a nice slow pace through this first course, which for experienced programmers like me can seem too slow at times, but it's a good pace with the premise, "Programming for Everybody," in mind.  I would have like more programming examples, perhaps as non-graded assignments, in place of the lesser-value bonus interviews and Office Hours segments.
Quite good, sometimes the lecture slides spent a little too much time on explaining a basic concept. For example, it probably isn't necessary to repeatedly explain a loop iterating 5 times until the end of the loop. But otherwise the course cleared up a few things that I was having a hard time wrapping my head around with a different crash course I took in another class.
The python code grader is not good enough, in the final assignment, I made a mistake, comparing the input variable with a number, the result didn't show me the error message, instead it showed something (another result but not matching the correct one), which made it hard for me to debug. But, overall, this course is really great and helpful!!!!!! Highly recommend!!!!!
Great course for people who wants to learn how to program. Recommended for everyone. However, i find the final few chapters on loops is harder to grasp and would recommend if there are ways to simply on it. Overall, i had a great experience in completing this. Looking forward to advance further in programming python! Kudos to Mr Charles Severance for the great work! :)
Generally speaking,this is a perfect course.However, I must admit that some improvements could still be done.First of all, as a Chinese student is very hard to connect to the network of coursera. Secondly I hope this course can have a lecture which systematically talk about the type of variables in python instead of just talk about them in different lectures randomly
It is an excellent course to get familiarized with Python coding language. I have finished the 7 week program. Week 1 was a great opening to not just the course but the huge applications of Python and I felt very optimistic that I could learn it. However from the subsequent weeks I started to face difficulties. I stuck with them and that helped me finish the course.  
Its a brillent course i had ever learn in my life special thanks to University of Michigan facilated such a nice course to students which able to push next level of a student skills.Love you faculties who teaching a course a new way which easily attract the students concentration.LOVE YOU & THANK YOU each and everyone.Special thanks to Coursera.Thank you,Take care.
This course is really important for students, teachers, and hobbyists who are passionate about programming, Python and A.I. domain. I also advise you to complete the specialization program so as to enhance your knowledge. Finally, I am grateful for this amazing course given by Dr.Chuck and I thank Coursera for giving us this crucial opportunity to learn and thrive. 
4/5, great class but I have to say that in the lectures, the professor claims that we should have absolutely mastery over every concept we learn for each successive course, however the class is structured in such a way as to rush us through every new concept instead of lingering to master it. This is a great intro class but it will take more to master the concepts.
It is really a good course for those who have never write any program in any language before. The people who have some programming skills and a lil bit programming experience, may find it very basic.  But for the beginners its good to start with Python, but few assignments seem to be harder for the early learners. Anyway, I will recommend it to non-programmers!
In my opinion, this course could be more helpful if instructor would spend 5 minutes explaining all major syntax used in python before jumping directly to programming functions and loops. I had troubles running my program because I didn't know enough about the syntax. He did a very good job in explaining the logics of the functions and loops. I'd rate 4 stars. 
Amazing Introductory course for Python. This course covered basics in the best way with clear explanation and  a touch of general tips on programming also. Looking forward to complete the specialization. The only thing that I missed is that course was way more slowly covered than expected but still one of the few masterpieces for Beginners! Thanks Dr. Chuck!
I'm a hard reviewer meaning that I reserve 5 stars for something mind-blowing. This is a great course. It's slow enough for the majority of learners and thus makes python accessible to a vast number of people. Hopefully by completing this course, you'll have the confidence to get much deeper which is exactly what anyone can expect out an introductory course!
Goes over the fundamental basics of programming quite well.One area for improvement would be more exercises and assignments. Students at this stage in beginning programming could always use more smaller exercises to solidify knowledge. Although it would seem pointless to experienced programmers coming from other languages, I think it would benefit beginners.
I struggled with this module to be honest. Coding is very new to me and I feel that key steps were missed at the start of it. I am still going to continue with subsequesnt modules but I am going to acquire alternative resources to help and give a different perspective. I don't think I would have got through this module with out the help of my 'class mates'
I really enjoyed this course. The teacher explained everything so easy and professionally that I think now I have achieved my goals. Nevertheless I want to criticize about the functions section because I think there was a lot of information transferred in a short time video. So, it would be perfect if you add more explanation and as well as more examples.
It's been an amazing class. The instructor is super funny and intelligent. I admire him. However, the labs...the assignments section is really cranky. It doesn't create room for flexibility. Most times I'd want to spice up my code, but I get and error cos there is a guide line it insists I follow. Aside this, it's an amazing course. I'm on to the next!!!
Very good video courses! Easy to follow and nicely divided in different videos not to make it too long. However, the revision exercises of the chapter are usually to easy and straightforward and sometimes there are some interactive exercises missing, where you see the explanation video of how to solve it, but not the exercise itself. Overall, very good.
Thought the course was really good.  Only thing is that I needed the help of a tutor to get though it.  There were parts where, esp. during homework assignments, I needed outside help to figure out how to write the script, etc...  Overall great learning experience, though.  Thanks so much for making the course.  I will continue with the specialization.
The instructor is just amazing and explains everything in a very easily understandable way. The contents are nice too. The only problem I have with this course is that whenever I give a quiz, after finishing it, the answers are gone. There is no feedback. If the answers and explanations were there, it would be a little bit less hassle to understand. 
This course was amazing!!I previously had taken Python course from other university from an other website.It was very difficult and lost interest since it was first time I was dealing with python and the difficulty level was too much for a fresher to Python. But this was easy yet interesting as well :) and I am very happyThank you Charles Sir !!! :)
The course covers the very basic fundamentals of programming and how to implement it within python environment. From that point of view, it's perfect for people who are taking their first steps in programming. I expected it to be a little bit more specific and to go deeper into the matter, but I hope it could be better treated in following courses.
For people who have no prior knowledge on programming, this is definitely a MUST-DO course!!I found Prof.Chucks explanations to be very understandable. He was good at teaching with humor coming btw so that it was never like a boring programming class but a very interesting one.Thanks Dr.Chuck, I enjoyed the course because of your teaching style!
  The course was very clear and easy to understand. I love how Charles explains everything. However, I do agree with someone's comment I read on class central that an IDE might be a better choice than a text editor like Atom as learning how to debug line by line using an IDE will be very useful especially for someone completely new to programming.  
The course is a very good one for beginners in both programming and Python.The teacher is engaging and easily understood, and the material is good.The course could do with a more systematized "homework" system in addition to the quizzes and assessments, but a well-organized student has all the elements to do additional work by himself if needed.
I liked the course. It really is a true beginners' class. I think the instructor taught well with good examples illustrating each point. I deducted a point because the exercises were too easy and there weren't enough of them. I understand that it's not easy to come up with a good grading system, but the grading system definitely could be better. 
Good course. Well explained, power points are great. Dr. Chuck explains many things in a simple way. Its necessary some more attention about new things which is not explained in the videos. I found in some place something like that "list [0]" and could not understand at first time. Then lost time searching around... Thanks guys. You're great. 
I really enjoyed this course and felt like I actually learned the material.  The only reason I didn't give this course 5 stars, is that due to the issue of giving away the answers to quiz questions, there were a couple of quiz questions that I couldn't understand and unfortunately still don't.  I think this is an area that could be improved.
It was really good experience while completing this course ,even i was knowing few things i love the way of explaining things and cleared few doubts as well .Only problem was ,while the assignment i was not having enough test cases to understand the problem statement .over all enjoyed completing this course and pumped up for the part two !!
Excellent course for learning the very basics of Python.  The class was well organized and easy to understand.  I liked the exercises.  They were a bit challenging in the end.  My only negative thing to say is that I hope they are able to update the time it takes to grade assignments on the server.   I can't wait to take the next course!
Great instructor who can deliver the concepts in a very clear and simple way and i would recommend more exercises in the book and more comprehensive reading materials which can act as a guidelines later in my career if i needed helpOverall it`s a great course for beginners who knows very little about programming but did not code before
The best course to learn the basics of python. If you have a interest in python and you want to learn the basics of python, this course will be very helpful. Instructor is very helpful and his method of conveying concepts is also very nice. So I suggest you to complete the certification to get enough basic knowledge of python. Thanks
Hi everyone, I'm from Italy and I've followed this course online. I've to say it's well made and the course is structured really well. The teacher/professor is really good and easy to follow. The didactic programm is well explained. To sum up, it's a good choice for everyone would start programming in python. I recommend this course.
This course gave me a basic understanding of Python. The basics are covered really well and probably one of the best courses for a beginner who does have a background in Programming. I personally would have liked this course to have a little more content than what is given but nevertheless, this is a great course. Thank you so much. 
Dr. Severance put in lot of efforts to make python easy for all the learners.This Course is about the basics of python. If you are a beginner, you will learn a lot of concepts very easily. For people who have a bit of programming knowledge in other languages, this will help in learning the syntax.Overall a good course to go through.
Having a decent background in programming, I could clearly understand Dr Chuck's explanations.But, for the laymen amongst us, the explanations can be a tad better.Also, the PY4E tool wasn't too helpful when faced with an error.And I also feel that the difficulty of the questions provided in the quizzes should be increased slightly.
It is a good course for those who have little or no experience in programming, and the instructor makes it interesting with his mode of teaching.However, the course is at times a bit slow, and sometimes repeats topics or explains a basic concept a bit too detailed, making it difficult for those who want to rush through the course.
Course content very well structured and well taught. I have some bit of background with programming languages such as Java, C/C++ and PHP. I started learning Python but never progressed as I found it to simple but after learning it I understand that it is one programming language everyone should start with. Strongly recommend it.
I have really enjoyed learning this. If you pay attention to the lectures and take notes, it is quite possible to learn it well. I struggled with a few responses, as I did not feel the teaching was helping me learn the mistakes and spot it before I put in the wrong code. Overall, though, it was a perfect way to learn this course. 
Dr. Chuck is a great professor who makes learning Python fun. I thought I was just one of those people who couldn't learn a computer programming language because my brain didn't work that way, well I was wrong. This class was very interesting and I learned a lot! I can't wait to take the remaining courses in the specialization!
Good but not the best, the reason because one star is missing above is lake of home works I've got. Programming is something that you should practice practise and once more practice, otherwise the knowledge you got will disappear soon. So I would suggest to push people even more 2-4 hours and as a minimum double the home works.
Very Nice interface, Mobile friendly, Just for writing coding assignments I had to use laptop. If App supported the same, It would have been more convenient. While course syllabus is direct and gives one idea of applying teaching for practical purpose, which is good right. And Faculty is nice, explains the concept in easy way.
I truly believe that this is the right platform to start learning python from its very beginning, I learned a lot of things and sir CHARLES is very humble, but I think this course should have topics like 'array, list, dictionaries'. In essence, I have learned a lot about python from its very first beginning.Thank You COURSERA
It's no doubt an easy to understand course for beginners who don't know anything about python before, it introduced a new world to me within 7 weeks and I really appreciate it. Thanks to Professor Severance for his humorous and clear way of teaching. I 'll definitely recommend the course to anyone who is interested in python. 
This is a good course for beginners I like how the use of Python is explained at the beginning. I did not give this 5 stars because I feel that more differentiation is needed in the delivery of python. It took me a while to understand some of the concepts and I did not think that I got everything correct even though I passed. 
This course is great and really suitable for the students who never do the code related things. However, if you are a student who have learned C/java or other software, it maybe too basic for you. By the way, I really like professor Chuck, he vividly illustrate the definition of the computer with humor. I enjoy this course.
This is the ideal course for the person who is starting with Python, also almost 45% of the global development is done in python hence I recommend you take it. It is worth taking.Interviews are really good that I haven't found in any other e-course which really motivated me hence I believe those videos should be increased. 
The instructor is the best i have ever seen, i just have an issue with the video length. Though it looked scary to look at the length, but when i got into the lecture, i saw the amazing guy is saying funny stuff and enjoying. That is what a programmer needs. After all, it would be good it the video length gets bit shorter
I think this was a great intro to programming in Python.  I like the videos and how easy they are to relate.  I wish there were more code examples to look at though as some areas I looked at files in code3 packets, but if they did not have the specific code that I was looking for an example for I turned to google to find.
The last assignment is the summary of  former knowledges and it is a good design, but its difficulty increases suddenly, as everyone sees the strongly increased nummer of the question in the 7st forum. I think step by step is better, namely the summary starts earlier.  All in all this is a goog course and worth listening.  
The course was excellent and the videos helped you step by step. The only reason it might be a bit irritating is because the auto-graders sometimes can be a bit too specific, and sometimes when you get stuck on something, you have no way to get some help. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this course to other users.
This course is really helpful for amateurs in python. In addition to that professor will elicit some basic fundamentals of coding which certainly help the beginners. He demonstrates various basic concepts related to programming and in overall this course will help you in logical understanding and interpretation of python. 
I really liked this course but I think it was too soft, I mean, I think we spent a lot of time talking about of algorithmia like loops and so on, and these concepts are universal to all programming languages. Instead of it, we could spend more time, talking about python syntax. Nonetheless I enjoied learn python with you. 
For those absolutely new to programming, this course covers the core foundations of programming and is taught in a very approachable fashion. I was pleased to see there was an introduction into what is occurring "under the covers" - solid intro to CPU, Memory, peripherals and how programs/software utilize these resources. 
Awesome course! My only critic is that I would have hoped to be challenged a little more. Although I do have rather extensive knowledge in programming prior to actually taking the course, just took it for a refresher. It refreshed me wonderfully. The instructor was fantastic and I would recommend to another user. Thanks!
Some things I had to go outside of the course to learn in order to complete the graded assignments.  Maybe it would have been different if I had purchased the book.  Overall, professor is engaging and obviously passionate about teaching, however, the scribbling all over the slides has a net effect of causing confusion.
I felt that basic introductions with Lists, touple, etc were missing and also if someone is starting from scratch some assignment may be troublesome for them, i.e I have used "and" reserve word in one of my assignment which was not demonstrated in this course, but overall this is one of the best things, to begin with.
The course was very helpful and provided basic knowledge of Python. However, a more personalized approach for the instructors to help students with problems will be very beneficial rather than the discussion forum were responses may be vague and not directly help clarify difficulties. Overall, it was a good course!
Really compact and interesting course...enjoyed a lot while learning..as the name suggests this course can be learned by anyone easily without any programming background..really a good work professor Charles...One suggestion is can include more workout problems as bonus as this would give more hands on programming
I like this course. It helps me to understand the basic concept of Python. Also, It was very difficult for me to write the code at the initial level. But after completion, I'm pretty much confident that I can at least write some basic code. The tough part for me to write week 6 code so I still need to work on it. 
I love this course, because it is so great, and explains everything very well, and has made me like programming. The only thing I don't like is that I can't submit or do any assignments, which is a bit annoying. But otherwise, it is a great course, and I recommend it to others who would like to learn programming.
This was pretty much a basic course but I loved it because of its simplicity and kind of childish introduction to each topic which others are teaching as a professionals. Dr. Chuck is best of all. One complain still having that this course don't include object oriented programming which would have of great help.
Very well described and worked through. Good pace and detail. Only thing I didn't like was the friction between using the autograder and running python scripts outside of Coursera. Struggled to get that part working and didn't find enough explanation on making that part work. Otherwise great and thank you Chuck!
  Taking Python basics has really helped me gain confidence to take over so many programming challenges. It's a must join course for the people who want to deep dive into the world of Python. I really loving this course very much. I wanna explore more hence opting for other parts of this specialization. THANK YOU  
Maybe the lecturer can provide more details about some concepts because sometimes I make mistakes in the exercise and I want to turn back to the lecture to find anything helpful but I can't. (Also, it might be my problem so that I miss something important anyway. LOL)Anyway, this course is really recommended.
Nice course to start with python one I like the instructor way of teaching from basic to higher level nice amount of questions and good practicing quizzes which maintain flow of course I would recommend this course who is new to  programming specifically python and want to explore dimensioning view of python
Hello - It was a great course and learn a lot as a beginner. The course can be more interesting and easy to learn if professor run some examples in compiler other than slides. it will help to see how all the commands are working. Other than it was great and I am excited to move on to second course. Thank you
A nice first course on Python. Even though I have experience on Python before, the instructor explains the concepts in a very clear and easy-to-understand way, which gives you more insight about the basics. The programming exercises are relatively easy. Highly recommended if you are completely new to Python.
Generally a very good course. Some of the very simple things seemed to be explained in far more detail than necessary, but then other more difficult area, were breezed through rapidly. Although of course it is always possible to track back through the videos or pause them until you've got your head round it.
I really needed help and I felt like all the other students had responses. Not one TA helped me. Thank god for classmates. I realize MOOCS are enormous for class size, but when a student is "begging" for help, someone with your team should respond.  That's my only complaint. Otherwise, a great introduction. 
The course provides a good understanding of the basics of the coding language- Python. The instructor did a fabulous job in making it a learning and fun experience at the same time for students.I'd recommend adding more coding based exercises or practice questions to understand its practical use.Thank you. 
I dunno, is it acceptable from my side ot not, but everything was very easy. It's basics of the basics. I'd like to put 5 stars, because mr. Severence is a nice teacher, but there is some mismamtches is videos and assignments, that looks like carelessness. And, again, very easy material. Will go further.
This course will teach the basics of Python and also basics of programming to those who doesn't even know about programming. Those who want to learn python language must start with this course. It was not so tough and easy to understand. Thanks to coursera and University of Michigan for the opportunity.  
The course was good for a beginner to programming, but maybe not exactly what I was looking for, as I had done a lot of programming prior, and didn't need the computer concepts pieces. But it did allow me to fast forward, just to pick up the basic syntax, learn how to download the software and execute. 
not so difficult, suitable for beginners. if you just remember your knowladge you can go through prejects. keep in mind that python actually begin after fitht course with your own project!!!! don't leave course after only first course. never. complate all courses. than use python for whatever you want.
The course is very good for beginners, even those who have no prior programming experience.The subject material covers the basics of python scripts. Both the instructors are excellent especially Mr. Charles R. Severance whose teaching style is very interesting and fun which keeps the learner engaged.
Everything related to course is good except the autograder.when I type a code in autograder ,it is showing an error .But when I type the same code in atom and copy - paste the same code in autograder ,it works perfectly .It is the only drawback that I've found in the course and the rest is perfect .
Excellent course overall. I very much like Dr. Charles Severence's explanations of the material. He's very methodical and keeps the material interesting. The only gripe that I have is the auto-grader for the code. It is fickle and gives odd errors sometimes, causing a student to dedicate undue time. 
This is my first experience with an online training program. I found that the way the course to be very well structures and well documented to allow for learning and assimilatopn of the subject. Dr Charles make this stimulating and motivating to go deeper and make the whole thing fun and productive.
Excellent course for introductory python programming. The lecturer is amazing. So much so that the extra study material becomes unnecessary. Also the external tool used for evaluating works like a dream! I personally loved the course so I ended up completing the course within 24 hours of enrolling.
You won't snooze, this I can promise. Professor Charles does everything one possibly can to make the lectures interesting and still manages who get across all the important stuff. It was a great learning experience for me. It's especially good if you don't have a lot of time to learn this language.  
Good course for beginners. Has a few exercises, more could be added. The level of the course is very basic(just what the name says). Overall it was a fun course, I leaned a lot about Python and its syntax, looking forward to learning more python in the days to come.Thanks for creating this course!
This is my first time learning programming and the course helps me to develop confident that programming is not as difficult as I thought. Both the lecture videos and the free textbook are interesting and easy to understand. But it would be even better if more exercises are provided for practice.
Course content is good and Charles is quite engaging and explains the basics of programming.it's awesome for the people who are pretty new to the programming world as the title says.Assignments are easy, i believe there should be more assignments from level easy to hard.Thank you so much Charles.
The course is a good introduction to Python and programming. I wanted a little better review on some more Python syntax as that can be a hold up for beginners (me), and I had to reference some google searches to get it right at times. Otherwise the pace is fair and the material is well described.
 Lovely except that there is no way to communicate with the moderators/staff members unless they notice your thread in one of the discussion forums. Maybe there is a way to talk to them, but i am not aware of it. Other than that, it was a wonderful experience [except for doing exercise 5.2 haha]!
Overall I found the quality and instruction of this course good. As someone who has 0 programming and very poor math skills, I would have liked a bit more instruction with the assignments as they were very particular in terms of your input though the forums were generally helpful in that regard.
I am very much obliged to Coursera and the team. They provide the course Programming for Everybody(Getting Started with Python), with the help of this course, I have learned the basics of python programming and also obliged to Mr. Dr. Chuck. I am saying once again thanks Coursera and the team.
Great way to start python programming. And seriously, I am in love with the Professor Charles Severance(Professor Snape) and his way of teaching!! That's Amazing. I started this course because it was asked in my college to do that , but ended up falling in love with programming. Thanks a lot!
This was great course. The instructor taught really well. He made it seem easy for a person who didn't had any knowledge regarding programming.The only thing that can be improved is that if this course also provide some extra practice questions so that a learner can gets confident in a topic.
The lessons are in general very good, the teacher knows how to teach, but it started very slowly, and then the pace picked up very much at once, without the feeling for a transition. I was glad that I had some prior programming experience in school, so I managed to pick it up after rewatching
Overall good course. Only thing was that there were a few of the things that we learned that I didn't feel were included in assignments, so didn't get as much practice as I would of liked trying the programming language. But would still highly recommended and very excited for the next course!
Very good course, perfect for beginners. I had some previous knowledge so found it a little slow, but just powered on with the python informatics, which has a better pace than the course. I'll probably rely more on the course videos going forward though as I venture deeper in to the language.
The professor is soo awesome. Python looks easy to understand when compared with other programming languages.  In this course I have learned the basics of python programming language. For people with no programming experience can take a step to learn python as it is soo simple to understand.
A very good course for beginners, especially those who have not programmed anything before.If you have prior experience in programming and not aiming for the Specialization, you can just skip ahead ;)Just one note: if you're really enthusiastic, all the content here won't be enough for you!
Great introductory course to programming and python! Very clear, precise and engaging video lectures. It would be nice to have more assignments (could be optional) with progressing difficulty levels in order for students to manage how challenging each course gets. Overall, excelent course.
Great introduction but very quick for those with some background in basic coding or previous trials of coding classes.  Would appreciate additional optional exercises within each week even if not for grade but for additional practice using the basic building blocks for the courses to come.
Chuck is an entertaining, very knowledgeable guy and this course is great. The exercises aren't always as clear as I would like. Maybe more comments in the code presented in the exercises themselves could help clarify. I have and would recommend this course to anyone interested in coding.
Solid course for getting started with Python, and programming in general. I thought some concepts were explained a little too much, so the videos could have been shorter. But better to over explain, than summarize and leave people wondering. I'll be continuing the Python courses for sure!
Great for beginners. I am already a programmer and wanted to learn python. I breezed through this in a day but it is exactly what a beginner needs. I only took off a star because it should be noted that this material is barely two weeks in a programming 101 class. There needs to be more. 
Covers the most important topics of python which includes loops.Explained very elaborately.Missed out on key topics like Database using Python.But the tutor was very well versed and knowledgeable.And he also had a very good sense of humour and kept the session lively as much as possible.
This lecturer is really a cool guy! I wish my professor teaches me like this. The course is really easy and non-tech learner friendly too (because it's for everybody). I looking forward to more of your harder courses instead of starter courses. I considered this course is a good start.
The teacher is explaining the basics of the language very well. My only issue was that he was a bit too slow for me at times, making me skip ahead. Looks like he's going on long detail to help students who have never programmed, but for those who have some experience it can be tedious.
The course was very great and I recommend taking this course if your very beginner and it will help you learn about python programming and practice online about python. The only problem I had is that it's very basic and I wanted something that will help me understand python very well.
Overall a good course. It woud be great if there were optional "assignments" (or just extra assignments) that provide more practice coding. True, we can do this on our own, but it is useful to be guided through assignments toward developing smart code that provides the desired result.
This was the good python course which can be helpful for each and everyone whether he know or don"t know about the language before taking this course.The instructor lectures are excellent.The course teaches how to deal with the problem design algorithm and code it in python language.
Wish there were more assignments per chapter to test knowledge / reinforce topics introduced. Otherwise, a great course for beginners interested in data science. *Note this class is data science orientated. There are other Coursera courses if you're interested in computational logic. 
Professor is clear, interesting and enjoyable to listen to. Learned a lot, the class can definitely be completed within a week but he is concise. Star taken off due to lack of serious challenge but I would definitely recommend this to someone learning programming for the first time!!
It took a lot of searching to find a course that went over the basics of computer science while trying to teach a language and I think this is the best bang for your buck. I knew next to nothing and now I think I at least have the vocabulary to start another language if I so choose.
It was an over-whelming experience to get equipped knowledge and an breif idea on Python.The only thing was the last assignment was a bit difficult to understand. So, it should have a brief exercise in the next part after the assgnment.Thanks to University of Michigan & Coursera!!!
I've struggled in the past trying to learn a programming language.  This course gave me a solid foundation to take that learning to the next level.  It spelled out the basics and gave me confidence to continue.  I'd recommend that anyone who is new to programming take this course.
The course overal is really good. Mr. Severance is explaining things very understandable. I have just a problem with assignments that they teach us 1+1 but exam is like 1 + x (7/2). And I don't know if I am dumb or I am long time out of school so I am not used to that anymore :DD
I recommend this class especially for beginners. If you are good with coding in other languages and want to learn Python you can skip to chapter 3 or 4. If you are new to computers and how programming works, I definitely recommend watching all the courses. (My experiences based)
The Program was great but one issue which need to rectify is to include complete hand-on video tutorial in atom or any text editor in an organised way so that we can see how to process each step. The course has provided the book and slides which don't help when we finally code. 
Great introduction to the basic building blocks of programming.  I've "stared learning" so many different programming languages, and this course had me watching every video just-in-case there was some nugget of wisdom to be gleaned.  And there was always a nugget to be gleaned.
good course, topics were well explained by professor.  Videos and quizzes played well.  Had some hang-ups with the text editor on the assignments, the text would not always be entered in the line the cursor was on.  But it works fine if you just paste in from a separate editor.
While the videos are optional the virtual office hours are unnecessary.  If the instructor were to film some of the q&a at these sessions they would be a nice addition, but as is  we watch a few minutes of people introducing themselves in a foreign country.Overall nice course.
This has been a great experience to revise python that I had learnt before but I think there are some critical points that I learnt new through this course, I just think that the autograde tool needs a bit more improvements, all thanks to Prof. Severance for his great efforts
I feel there could have been more assignments (and perhaps ones that start from scratch).  I personally felt having more [forced] practice would be good.  As we only wrote code to apply each concept maybe once, and even these applications  were already half worked out for us.
Concepts on lambda and more built in functions could be covered. The course was very awesome not just a monotonous series of videos on python, a broad exposure to the establishment of Raspberry pi, Coursera, Python and so on made this course more informational. Thank you! :)
Well. what to say about Dr. chuck.!!!We need more online and especially offline instructors like you. I was wondering whether being a Mechanical student, working out on computer languages wouldn't be my cup of tea. well guess what you made me change my mind.Thank you sir :)
The course is really great even for beginners, Our Teacher Dr. Chuck really explains in very simple way and more importantly the forum is really helpful if you get any problem in completing your assignment.Special thanks to Mihaela Mack for helping me in my last assignment. 
Though I had moderate knowledge of coding before hand (arduino, a bit of C++, a bit of JS) this course slid me into the world of Python, and clarified some things I had not known before. Great course, I would recommend to anyone looking to learn Python or coding in general. 
This is a very fun course, and the free textbook is simply incredible. Very good introduction to basic programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background - but still extremely useful to quickly and efficiently learn python basics.
Thank you Dr. Chuck. You are an amazing teacher. I not only learn this course but enjoy it also. You teach us in a very simple manner. I am very glad to learn Python from you. Thanks a lot, Sir! Thank you Coursera for providing me this amazing platform to learn new things.
The theory was excellent. But more of coding could have been done I believe. Being from a non comp background i found it a bit hard but yes in course of time it was fun. though few things are still off but will catch up eventually with further practices. Thank you Coursera
I knew a little bit about python before taking this course, but consider myself a beginner. The class was a little bit too easy for my liking. But I know this is the beginning of a five part class, which will get progressively in depth. I look forward to the other courses! 
A good introductory course for python, this course does a good job. But I believe that some of the topics can do a better job my including more details- like functions and some other topics should involve more details- to give a better all-round knowledge to the students.
It's a nice course........The best part is your teaching style sir.......the way you teach,such as you draw lines digitaly,,,,over the slides.......tell us which value goes where.........that makes me understand well.....Thank You.....Sir.....I had a wonderful experience
It was a great course. Though I found it quite easy as I am from a computer science background. I hoped to learn a little bit of complex functions and about arrays in this course. But overall the experience was great and the instructor was too good to clarify everything.
A good fundamental intro to Python, useful when coming from zero programming background like myself. However, there could probably be more content squeezed into this course.  As it is, it could be completed in days, not weeks, even with just a modest amount of free time. 
I really enjoy Prof Severances approach to topics like a function. I read the entirely of the Beginning Python by O'reilly and until Charles explained a function I was lost.  I did hope to have more quizzes and excercises but that might just be how Coursera does things.
Straight-to-the-point yet fun lectures. Slow and easy pace at the start for appreciation, but gradually becomes more challenging towards the end to force you to learn hands-on coding, In my opinion, the best part is the python coding tool used in the coding assignments.
This course is good for to learn and start basic python programming. But during this course i felt that this course will be difficult for people who does not have any programming knowledge or background because some things/programs/concepts are not explained that well.     
python for everybody is literally for everybody! i loved the way prof. severance conducted this class with humor and enthusiasm.though a background in c helped me grasp python quickly,i would recommend people to consider taking this course if they wish to learn python.
This is a really good beginner course. There are a few issues with the web-based python IDE/Interpreter. I found it to sometimes fail to run correct code. (I was actually a Python tutor for about 2 years.) Overall though, I stlll think it is a good entry level course. 
Great, very easy for beginner. My only problem was with last exercise because I didn't understand very clearly how to get the program to find out min and max numbers. Video and book don't explain that part very clearly. But everything else is just fantastic.Thank you.
Very great idea! This is the era of internet and communication and in this way I believe that you are making a great contribution to the educational equality. As it is for this specific computer language (python) as it is a free source program.Thanks, Amir Reza Fahami 
I was expecting this course to be very good,But,  after completing it i am realising that it only covers some basic fundamentals .This was not expected from coursera .This course should be more detailed and stick to the fundamental concepts as it is python language.
The professor is easy to follow and explains concepts in a way that appeals to non-programmers. The tasks were fairly challenging with no help or tips given. It helped me think independently to solve problems that I encountered while constructing and executing code.
The course is well structured and has good information and worthwhile assignments. However, it is really geared toward people who have little to no programming experience, not to people who know other languages but have little to no programming experience in Python. 
I think sometimes it got very confusing some of the examples being the exact same from chapter to chapter.  It was nice having a ground for it but i started to question why would you use this method instead of the one we used before for hours and rate specifically. 
I thought the class was good, although if you are already an experienced programmer (like me), I suggest that you do a quick review of the python documentation to understand python syntax, then simply complete each assignment rather than sitting through the videos.  
great material and course structure, a bit basic also for me that I never did serious Python programming, but I have C language basics.I went thru it in few days, so I can start second course and get deeper knowledge: it has been a kind of level-verification test.
Content and assignments were a little disjointed at times, but forced me to think through the problem which likely has resulted in a more organic understanding even if I can't necessarily articulate the concepts. Interested in continuing to see if this holds true.
It's a great course for a beginner indeed, but also for an intermediate. Although would really like coursera to have an independent chat for the course you'd be studying, instead of using external resources to reach other students or study groups. Overall, great!
The teacher teach python in a easy way. and he use many interesting example to explain it.You can only take 1-2 hours to finish the videos and assignments every week.I'm a little confused about the video of office hour.Recommend everyone who want to learn python!
Good foundation course for beginners. The instructor is the life of this course and has done a brilliant job. Can be made a bit more challenging with the assumption that most participants have some kind of programming background. But overall great course. Thanks. 
Lessons are easy to follow. Assignments can be a little confusing sometimes but overall they are good at encompassing all that you've learned and building on the previous weeks. I definitely recommend this course to anyone thinking about getting into programming.
After struggling to complete this course because of a couple of exercises, I'm rating 4 mainly because of the tone of some conversations. Videos are good, examples are great and they take you step by step, specially if you don't have computer science background.
Very good beginning for learning Python.  Instructor does a great job keeping you engaged in the subject matter.  The assignments are great and build upon topics taught in the course.  I would recommend this course to a person beginning their journey in Python.  
As an junior Java developer this course was extremely easy for me, understandably. For anyone else this course provides a great insight into programming, has many resources to get your started and on the plus side the instructor is a complete joy to learn from.
It was an easy course for me as I was already familiar with other programming languages. This course is recommended for the starter! Only the basic parts of python are discussed here. There is another part of this course which I will gladly take to learn more.
The course was very easy to follow and very engaging in terms of content as well as the small sized videos and assignments. However, it would be better if it had better quizzes and more assignments. Overall, it is almost perfect for a complete beginner. Thanks
  Coursera is a great site for learning and understanding any type of topics for various programming languages. There are lots of topic which you can learn on it. Then Easy understanding for beginners level programmers as soon as to create various applications. 
It's a good course for student without programming experience, but also a good introduction course for student having programming experience and want to learn about python.I think it's a good start for me.The video of office hour and interview is quite good.
I love the enthusiasm of the professor  and the material he covered. This would be very good for complete beginner to programming, but may make you feel little slow for people migrating from other languages like C/C+ etc.Overall, i enjoyed the course. Thanks
It was good overall and the instructor keeps learning interesting however, the exercises do not build on each other and the final exercise was a bit difficult due to the lack of material thus outside material was required for me. This is my personal opinion
It's better to use IDE rather than the online tool for assignment. It's too difficult to code there. I tried to copy my code from Spyder to the tool, sometimes it does not work very well. Maybe it's better to come up with a better method to grade assignment
Charles does his best to explain programming form the very basics. It can be a bit tiresome for people with experience but a great start for beginners and I guess, as preparation for the next courses in this specialisation that I look forward to undertake. 
A good decent course. Very good for beginners. Makes good foundation of programming in beginners. Instructor teaches well. Person taking this course should not just stop here but also take next courses in python because it a basic concept building course.
It started very very slow, I guess that's good for really really beginners. I've never programmed before, but I am a excel heavy user so the first logics are kind of the same. The last 2 weeks were pretty interesting and I can't wait to start next course!
Dear instructor, Thanks for making me to learn the basic programming of python easily. The assignments, videos, and bonus chapters were really helpful. I know have a basic knowledge in python programming. Thanks for making my learning fun and productive.
This course is very helpful for the beginners,Python was new for me,everything was perfect and understandable.The main thing to remember is Syntax,without knowing the syntax we can't code.Everyone can take the advantage of Coursera for further Courses...
I think it is a bit simple for those with other language programming skills. This course is mainly for those who haven't learnt a language yet. However, i'm convinced this course has been very informative which taught me a lot other than the main course.
I really loved the way that Dr Chuck explained very clearly as I am pretty new to programming.  I've only taken an HTML course and learned a bit of Basic and CShell in the past.  I'm excited to take more courses and add programming to my work experience!
Everything is amazing and easy-to-learn. Just a suggestion- starting few lectures are far more basic then they are required to be. Just wind them up little soon so that the student can proceed to next course sooner. Thanks for the Course 1 by the way :)
Amazing instructor, with short and objective lessons, enough to keep attention and trigger interest to continue. Still far from my real need to learn Python, but starting from not even having an idea of how to install Python, this is a great beginning.
Great introduction to Python! I do feel like I still need more of a foundation though, there we some assignments I don't think I really grasped reasons WHY the code was correct, just the how to do it... guess I'm moving on to the next course then! :-) 
The thing I liked most about the class was not just the great lessons and the very helpful staff but the one simple and very critical lesson of the importance of house keeping ( folder and file management) of programs. Thanks Dr. Severance and staff.
Great course to begin your python journey. Assessments were relatively tougher than what instructor teaches, but you're provided with a lot of online self study material. So its a trade-off between the speed of the course and challenging assessments. 
I would have liked more practice assignments that we could have the auto-grader check to use ALL the skills learned. Also - I was confused how to the use book in conjunction with this course, maybe more explanation on how to access and use the book. 
it is very easy to start with if you have zero background about programming the prof is great uses a lot of examples which makes you could understand a lot of things ....... but If you have already a background it's very poor and superficial for you 
Good for the beginner who knows nothing about programming and just have litter knowledge about basic components of computer. This course is not recommended for IT professionals, may be other courses in this specialization may be effective for them. 
Introductions are always awkward, but this material is very approachable and presented in a way that is clear to understand and apply to future projects. You should check it out if you have no background in the field and want to get more involved.
Good intro, I think it could be more challenging but I assume that is coming in further courses. I also have program experience so it might be different for someone with 0 programming experience. Overall solid lectures and good assignments though.
I really like this course a lot! The teacher is very good. But I didn't like that there were very few exercises to do, I expected that the course would have a lot more. Nevertheless I'd recommend it to everyone who wants to start in programming. 
Dr Severance is a great teacher, very engaging. Would have liked some more basic explanation on navigating the terminal at the beginning of the course and perhaps not so much time spent over explaining certain concepts at the end of the course. 
It is a good course to understand python. The instructor was clear and on the point. It would have been better if object oriented programming was present in this course. Finally, I am now skilled in Basic Python.Thanks to coursera and the team.
Nicely structured Videos. Content is good. Teaching method is really good. During assignment it would be helpful if hints are provided after the success or failure of the assignment. Not at the time of the assignment especially in case of MCQs.
Really good course, very clear and well put together. If you have some previous coding experience, you might find the pace a bit slow, but the slides are very good also and it's really great that Dr Chuck has made the textbook freely available.
more focus should be paid on explaining the topics and practising of questions. this course is not good for beginners of python. anyone who has watched any video on python on youtube or has attended some classes can only understand this course
During learn  this coursera course  i had enjoyed  .Concept is very clear and informative.Some topics  is missing in this course of python but those  topics which coverd by guider  is very  clear. i Had learned alot during this course leaning.
So far so good. A bit on the slow side, but this is understandable as it is an intro course. Dr Chuck certainly has the energy and enthusiasm to make an intro programming course very very engaging and fun. Looking forward to the next level up!
Explanations are mostly clear - I like the examples, and the assignments have appropriate challenge to them. Less one star because it's not as detailed as I would have liked, but still a very good course that could be completed in a few days.
Very basic for anyone with some programming experience, but great for those without any. The analogies explaining how computers and programming languages work are really top notch. If you don't get it this way, you won't get it any other way.
I recommend this course to those who totally do not have any experience in programming. Otherwise, it is too simply to follow the lecture step by step. All the programming language are quite similar at the first beginning, like matlab or C++.
professor chuck is very humorous and basically, this course is extremely good for those who haven't learn any programming languages. It is sometimes seen to me that it is a little bit easy. However, the overall is quite perfect!! I love it !
A good course for people with zero programming knowledge, but a little bit slow, a little bit "baby sitting" for people with some programming experience.Three star for the course. One more star for access to all the quiz without need to pay!
Assignments are fun and challenging, but errors in the Python wizard should be explained better -- I know you are looking to replicate Python's errors, but for new students, it is not really easy to interpret how to solve a "bad line" error
It was a good class for someone without any programming experience. The lectures really helped me to start  understanding python language (and programming basic logic in general). However the course load is light and the pace is quite slow.
Its a great course very educational, but the reason that i dont give it 5 is beccause there was a bunch of unnececary boring videos that i didnt learn shit from. But all the videos of you sitting explaining things was a 10/10 very helpful
I would have preferred more exercises and assignments. The instructor is excellent with his style. He makes things clear efficiently while keeping everything light. Looking forward to joining the remaining 4 courses of the specialization.
This course is very good if you have studied the basic syntax of python rigorously prior to taking it. However, if you have done that then this course dives a bit deeper than syntax and gives you a nice overview of the structure of Python
Definitely a nice place to start your adventure in to learning about programming with Python. The only thing I would have preferred to have is the choice to watch the videos on the vlogs rather than make them part of completing the weeks.
I've made solo attempts to learn programming before, so this was all material I had covered (though in a different language.) It was very useful to refresh and solidify the concepts in preparation for the other four classes in the series.
Great of individuals looking to introduce themselves to Python or reintroduce themselves. If you have a basic understanding of Python, you might wish to look elsewhere. The course is well taught and enjoyable videos make the learning fun. 
As a student major in Accounting, this course is not too hard to prevent me from learning the basic knowledge of computer science language, it is a good choice for someone who has no any cs backgroung. it is worthy taking such course. :D
As the name suggests, a great course for beginners especially for those coming from a non-programming background. People like me who have worked on other languages other than python will find it extremely easy. I completed it in 3 days.
I really recommend to everyone to go for this course It is such a great course which helped me to gain vast knowledge about python and the Mentors for this course is also Excellent. Thank you coursera for providing such a nice platform.
Initially it was good, but gradually I found it little hard for me to catch. Being a non programmer its hard to get the program and codding easily. Dr. Charles also mentioned it thought. I liked his lecture and way of delivering things.
A very gentle introduction to Python. The professor is engaging and explains concepts well. You may find it a little slow if you come with prior experience in other programming languages, but since it is self-paced this isn't a problem.
This course is very good. Instructor's explanation is very clear for me.  Lecture are basic and it is suitable for me.  How to use of Python installation and about text editor (Atom) is very clear explanation. I very like  this course.
Python is one of the easiest programming languages to start with since I already have some basic knowledge in the programming domain so it took me less time to cover all the parts in this course.I would like to learn more about python.
Very interactive! I enjoyed my free trial on the Programming For Everybody! I look towards doing other Courses in near future! More grace to the Coursera team! God bless you guys for giving me the chance to fan myself into programming.
Good beginner course.  Professor is cool and makes it easy to get started with python.  Looking forward to taking the next courses in this series.  If you already know the basics of python/programming, you will be bored in this course.
It is good starting point for any non-programmer as well as for people like me who are familiar with the programming. Dr. Chuck teaches with an ease that even a novice can understand. the assignments and quizzes are also very helpful.
This is my first online course, and i'm really thankful. For my this was a great experience and i pretend to finish the program. The only thing that i don't understand is, why is not available the spanish languague on the subtittles ? 
I am writing the programs in python now. I am feeling better after completion of course. Thank you so much for providing training in a good way. A student who don't know anything can also write programs after attending this training. 
If you are starting to learn to programming in Python now and have zero knowledge about programming I really recommended this course, professor Chuck has didactics and explains all very detailled. Coursera platform is also very good.  
This is a good course for beginners, it tells the details of basic python knowledge. The quiz and assignment are easy to finish, but you can still learn a lot from them. I would like to take the following courses related with python.
good course for beginners, it is the clasical course that covers the first 2-3 chapters of every programming book. It is good in case you want to do the whole specialization in other case is too simple if you are going to pay for it.
The contents of this course were very good and extremely understandable and enjoyable buy this courser doesn't covers all the topics which i expected to be in this course. I would recommend this course for people new to programming.
Very Good Beginner Course for Python. Pretty short in material length but if you are looking to start programming I would strongly recommend it. Very good examples and quizes at the end of each section make sure you know your stuff. 
It is a good course for beginners. However, it goes over very basic stuff that is extremely similar in other programming languages such as Java. I would only take this course if I was just getting started on programming altogether.
I'm almost done with the course and really enjoyed everything so far. However please do invest some time to update the course for Python 3. Professor is great and really holds you by the hand; exactly the kind of teaching I needed.
it's very good course for beginners, I enjoyed it a lot, i just wished if it would cover more more in one course so i can gain more from the whole specialization. Thanks a lot Professor Charles Severance, I really enjoyed classes.
Great primer for understanding the very basics of Python. You won't be able to make too much fancy stuff after this, but it's a stepping stone to great things.Dr. Chuck is a great teacher and the exercises are challenging and fun. 
the teaching was exceptionally good. i loved it and i had no difficulty in understanding anything. but i feel the no. of assignments and practice questions provided in this course are very low in number. They should be increased.
Perfect for those who have zero programming backgrounds. Personally, I have some programming background in R, so this course is kind of easy for me. But it's still a good choice for laying a good foundation in Python programming.
i just want to brush my skills it been a while i have programmed again in python .its a worth while course easy to follow , instruction are well cleared. its a good to go for non programmer as well how logic works behind the code
Very good course to learn python from basic. The teacher teach very from the basic and also give how important material that need to memorize such as what is itteration variable, and reserved names in python. Marvelous course....
It seems to me that some basic knowledge has been left to other courses while it would easily should have found place here; I'm talking about things like the AND, OR, IN operators. Anyway well taught and very easy to understand!
The course materials such as the lecture videos, slides , assignments and pdf helped me to grasp and implement the basics of Python very well. I have recommended this course to my colleagues who are interested in learning Python
 It's a pretty beginner-friendly Python course. Like you have never ever seen what programming is! Hence, won't even get you *much* into the programming world. Just get started. Like a door to the awesome computer science world. 
Great intro course. Started off a little slow, but found the final assignment relatively challenging. had some prior Python background and was able to finish this course in 3 weeks. moving on to the next course in the sequence.
Excellent introduction to Python. Instructor teaches with humour and lots of examples, making the lecture videos useful and entertaining. Good pace for an intro course, easy to start with increasing difficulty as it progresses.
I was at knowhere in python but this course has helped me  in building my basic and make me understand what the actual meaning of programing is and also very helpful to use this course in  developing a new skill and applying .
Its a really good course for absolute beginner. I loved the instructor as he can deliver the content in a very simplified manner. Although i was excepting more technicalities, more assignment  and more content for this course.  
This course conducted by Dr Chuck is delivered in laymen term which is very easy to understand, especially for newbie in programming world. TQ so much. It totally worth my time and "pain" but it does open my eyes about python.
This is very good and understandable course. I specially thanks to Professor who explain each thing in very expressive manner and assignments are too good. Thanks for the developers and Coursera which give me this opportunity.  
Firstly mentioning about the instructor very freindly and easy to understand for non programming languagers also, I'll highly recommend for beginner programmers start with, very easy to understand and quick to gain knowledge.
I would give it a five star but the way the programming assignment question are described are way too complex to understand in a single read,using easy flow of language will be better for question and problem sate description
The instructor is totally cool  and resolves every aspect of any concept whether it is  reserved keywords in python  or ant other  and also  the interview overview of professionals in Computer science are truly inspirational.
Well structured course with nice-to-know backround information about hardware. The bonus material (interviews with some of the people who had great impact on programming) is fun to watch and shares the spirit of open source.
Easy to follow. The videos tie back to the book, this gives you the option of digesting the information on multiple ways.Pace could be a bit faster, but this program is flexible so you can complete it earlier if you want to.
Great introductory course. I found the bonus videos to be very interesting and inspirational, but it would be even better if the videos were date-stamped, since these fields are developing so rapidly (e.g. Arduino and R-Pi)
I thought he should be taught some more deep about python  in this course like try and except is not more clear I am facing problem while doing last assignment by using try and expect concept but the overall course was good
Pretty basic. Very useful for beginners, but since I am pretty familiar with python I could finish it quickly. I was mainly hoping and wanting to learn classes and a bit more from there, but the course ends at iteration. :)
Learning a new programing language can seem daunting, however this course makes it seem almost trivial. The concepts are explained extremelly well and very thoroughly. I just wish the coding assignments were more plentiful.
In Squiz there is answers that can make you confuse. I mean after reading question I got in in mind 2 answers for example, but available options don't have one of them - that make answering more easier than you wiould like
thank you coursera for providing this basic to advance python programming course.I had faced many problem during this course because of I am belonging with hindi culture .but I am happy its easy to understand this course.
Special thanks to Mihaela who made me feel like I was actually in a community with quick feedback! And: better to do the course in one go / week, because it is just too challenging to go back to the languaging every week.
Great course to get started with Python and get a certificate from an accredited university. Used this course in conjunction with Datacamp.com and codecademy.com. All three resources helped me to understand python better. 
Good for the beginner who doesn't know much about programming.  For me, I knew the vast majority of this material so I flew through it.  I'm looking forward to the other courses so I can learn something substantially new.
Its good for someone not from an IT or CS background as it covers basics, but otherwise its too basic.I loved the course as this is first time I'm actually trying to study online else I generally preferred physical books.
This course is a little boring for someone who has learned C or Java or any language before, however, it is really a good one for beginners, whether you love Python or just want to learn programming through one language.
Highly recommend this course for absolute beginners. For people with knowledge of any other programming language, this will be a cakewalk. Two or three days will be sufficient for completing this course for such people.
 I think the course is great . Teacher is very good but I think there has to be more question of coding which requires some thinking as I am  learned the concepts but I am still not confident with the concepts. Thank you
i taken this course recently its so easy and we can learn quicker but is has the basic content hat every one wants to learn about it for first time python learners, u can experience  python ,that is easy while learning.
Great Learning with Dr. Chuck"s Course. The style of his Teaching is Excellent and greatly appealing. I recommend everyone whoever wants to start as a beginner in Programming should go for this Course.All the Best...!!!
the instructor is engaging and one i would love to be taught from.this course with quiz and practical assignments tests and enhance and develop the basic skills of python.i recommend this course to start with.thank you.
The instructor is great. The only bad thing was the Autograder app that is used to submit the assignment. It sometimes shows an output that is different than the output I get in .cmd for the same code.Great work anyway!
At first i was so worried how i will learn Python language but with help of Prof. Chuck i learn many things like small changes, how to use signs (, : ' ...). Now i am confident to take further course on Python. Peace
This is my first experience in online course but i really loved it and enjoyed it . This Course is very helpful for beginners of programmer. Thanks to Dr.Chuck who is my lecturer in this course and thanks to COURSERA. 
It would be better if there is more problem to be solved by us so that we can get more confidence and especially for those who don't learn programming language. Otherwise, the course is awesome and the instructor too.
great course with a patient professor. The only reason that I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5, is that some exercises were much more high level than the actual course and I wish there were more exercises in this course.
The first python lesson I have finished. It is quite simple.  The certified fee is too expensive comparing the information in the class.  Anyway, I like this class and the teacher. It is a quite good journey till now.
I feel this is a great start to a wonderful program that you all have provided . However o wish there was a way to share code to help optimize the many many errors I had made beforehand. Thank you for the opportunity.
This was the by far the most suitable course for anyone who wants to start python from the beginning also the instructor is also cool and the feeling is that the teacher is not online but just like we're in classroom
This was my first ever online educational course. It helped me a lot my understanding of python programming and improved my skill.I have struggled a little bit the assignments, but got finally through them. Thank you 
Para mi fue un gran curso debido a que te explican de manera muy clara y sencilla las bases de Python, los ejemplos y ejercicios de ayudan de manera notable a generar nuevos conocimientos y habilidades, lo recomiendo
SInce my basics of coding wasnt clear i always used to  be scard of doing any coding and always avoided it. This course has cleared by basics to some extent but i still dont feel confident . Hopefullly i will improve 
The best course for beginners, starting to program from scratch. If one knows any other programming language, the course is a cakewalk and can be completed very fast. Great to understand Python syntax; absolute best!
The materials were easily explained and quick to grasp. But, if you're like me, if you don't know any programming at all, it will take repetition and practice before you can run with the topics and think on your own.
This course is good to learn the basics of python programming like the basic syntax of a code, taking input from user, conditional statements, loops, control statements, functions and dealing with some basic errors.
It was a great experience learning on this platform i actually learnt alot and the teaching videos and sessions were quite informative as well as interactive looking forward to pursue more courses in the coming days
The course  completes only the basic structures in python and do not include saving data and other more advanced parts looking forward to see lectures of the above mention and by the way the classes  are so exciting
  Nice course. Good course for beginners. I have started the course without any background knowledge of Python. Later, after completing this course, I am able to write code in Python on my own. Thanks for the course.  
For these who major in computer science in university, this course can be kind of easy. But it's really acceptable for those who have no experience with programming. It can be a good way to get started with Python.
A good course but way too easy since I'd programmed in other languages before... I finished the whole course in an afternoon but was useful to learn some of the important syntax and key words in the python language
It's a pretty good course to learn basic of programming through this course.Instructor is also awesome.Just a thing that I want to suggest that ,you add one extra week and give more practice assignment .Thank You.  
A good course for students who are learning computer programming for the first time. To get the most out of the course, prospective students should be familiar with using a personal computer with Windows or macOS.
overall a good course.  Some things about he automated code tester should be explained (why do I receive a "mismatch" error when the code is correct).  Assuming it is because it does not match the required output.
Thank you very much for the course. It was interesting and useful but, to my mind, there were too many repeated explanations of the same things (even for me, a person who has never done anything like programming).
Great for starters not only on Python but in programming languages in general. I strongly recommend going through this course.My only note is that the tools may feel impractical sometimes for debugging or testing 
Very well explained introduction to programming and python. It is a little bit dull for an experienced programmer but it suits well needs for a beginner. The lecturer is very entertaining as explaining very well.
This was my first experience with Python. The course is insightful and Dr Chuck is an amazing mentor. I will have to work out more on the course as Python was completely new to me. However, I enjoyed the course. 
This was indeed an amazing learning experience. Though I am still very confuse with some points that may because of my not having prior knowledge about python. But I have understood the basic of python for sure. 
It is pretty good for someone who has no prior knowledge of any programming languages. It is very easy to follow. But if you already know how basic coding works, this might not be as helpful as you would expect. 
It was a really nice course for a beginner in Python like me. The pace could have been better specially or people with prior programming experience Anyway, it was fun learning Python. The instructor was awesome.
Very good professor. He knows how to teach and have everything in laymen terms for beginners to imagine. 4/5 because the grade checker is very strict. Prof should try to update the course with Jypyter notebook.
I found the course to be challenging but also quite approachable. The problem sets reinforced the material and required enough struggle to facilitate learning. I only wish there were more problem sets to learn. 
a good course, there is a clear explanation in which the professional jargon is gradually introduced. If you have questions, you can go to a forum, but sometimes I miss personal contact when you have questions.
This course is to good, Specially the way the Sensei teaches  was absolute the best way it can be.One thing which i dont like is this course was too short in my opinion. Otherwise, overall this course was best
it's not a full fledged course. you will only get to know to know a pinch of Python language. For complete python course no need to roam hither and thither. Head to Youtube and you will find some great courses
It was really good as it was a short course with short videos and easily understandable....Overall for a beginner to a new programming language such as python it willbe really useful to understand the basics.
This module covers a introduction to python. This course is best for beginner who wants to learn python form scratch. Dr. Charles explained very well the concept  of loops in python. I just loved this course.
Since I know the concepts from C language already I felt the explanations were too long . But the faculty is good and has the best examples for all the concepts to explain them properly . Pretty a good Course
Other than a few hiccups along the way, I am so far Very happy with this course. Would Recommend.The Teachers aids are so freaking helpful. Where many courses would have lapsed and failed, the aids save this.
Course is really nice, interactive and informative.It would have been really nice if this course include some bigger project which require all the things that have been taught in one problem to accomplish it. 
The course is very simple. If you have any programming knowledge or have tried python in the past only a little, its a great refresher. If you have no coding experience at all, it is a fantastic introduction!
teaching staff or tutor is slow in replying or never reply to students' questions when they are stuck and hence, student is not able to understand which part of their answer went wrong and no solution to it.
A fantastic course to get acquainted with Python.I'd like to see some more optional exercises to do with answer keys so that I could further test out my skills.  The assignments were really good and helpful.
This course is an elaborate course with clearly laid out steps. It's easy to understand and informative. Mr Severence's lectures are byte-sized, descriptive and engaging. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
I have learnt the basic knowledge of how to start writing a python program. This gave me the confidence i needed in to getting in to python platform , and learning advanced concepts using python.Thank you .
This is the best course for those who are the beginners in python programming era. It clears all the concepts accurately and the best thing is Dr. Chuck provides all the necessary information while Teaching
Thanks Dr Chuck for bringing up this course.While this course is very important and useful for the very beginners I would like to add that people with some computing background will find this one very easy.
A really good introductory course for anyone interested in getting into Python. If you're experienced in coding, the beginning is a bit slow, but it picks up quickly by introducing Python specific features. 
The lectures are very good. But the Discussion forum became a "hidden question - mistic answer" panel lately. Could we get some non-scored assignments to discuss them openly with mentors and to learn more ? 
A fair approach to programming basics. A couple of funny videos as well. Certain topics are a little bit over discussed. Liked the assignments although those could be a little bit more difficult to complete
I think the course is awesome, I am excited to learn more. However, the atom.io application and how to use it is kinda difficult to catch up with professor's teaching speed. overall the course is useful!!!
The course has been amazing. I wish it had provided more reading materials along so that I could retain the knowledge longer. The instructor was engaging and I really like the way he delivered the lessons. 
It was a good course i got to learn a lot of things in well structured and professional manner i am thankful for having the opportunity to complete this course i look forward to read and learn further more
Course seems to be good. The course instructor is also good. In my opinion if more practice exercises is included in course then it may help the learners to getting used to python programming. Thank You!!!
This course was very helpful and it is absolutely a delight to learn python under Dr Chuck Sir.Its really an honor to have accomplished and completed this course.Thanks Coursera and Thank You Dr Chuck Sir.
Was somewhat too easy for the people who already know other programming languages and just want to step into the field Python. The further courses in the Python specialization are pretty impressive though.
It was a good course. Although i wasn't new to programming, but I found the tutor very knowledgeable to let us think the code logic on our own meanwhile making us learn. The content is good too.Thank you !
The teaching was fantastic, the videos and slides were very easy to follow along. However I would have enjoyed a little bit more instruction on the tools and how to use them such as atom and the terminal. 
I really found this course useful in understanding some basic concepts of programming, Dr chuk really gave a distilled understanding of these concepts and i think having him as a tutor was really the key. 
While the videos are a good guide, the quizzes and assignments are way too easy. I find that, whenever I am studying, finding out how to do difficult exercises are the best way to really learn.Good course
This is my first course on coursera and I loved the course. Mr. Chuck explains everything in a good way and this is easy for all the learners to understand it.Really I learn Python in a easy and fun way.
This course was made student-friendly as I was able to learn at my own pace. The contents were very beneficial and moreover, these contents will definitely help me to learn more about python programming.
This course is very nice actually.sometimes I got errors while coding due to small mistakes done by me.I have rectified those and done my assignments sucesfully. Thank you for providing the free courses.
THIS COURSE IS REALLY HELP ME TO GO FROM 0 TO NOT AT 100 BUT ATLEAST AT 20.Before starting this course I have zero knowledge about programming but know I get that confidence that I can learn programming.
"Excellent for beginners, very well described, great understanding 
grasped and its simple, very simple, but that's what makes it 4 star, is 
that its for anyone or as the title says python for Everybody."
This is a good beginner class for someone who has no programming experience.  I took this class to help teach myself another language.  I was a database programmer with some hardware experience that went
Some of the concepts are not covered. Except the basic ones.  For e.g. in functions __init__ is not covered.These important concepts are missing.But the ones which are explained are explained throughly.
The course is amazing for beginners. You can learn the language here but if you're looking up on this course for logic development, this is the wrong place.  Very few probelms to solve, yet a must try!
The really helped in understanding the basics of Python. The instructor makes it really easy to understand. I would highly recommend this course to everyone interested in learning the basics of Python.
An awesome course for people who are starting with python . Has nice bunch of quizzes and assignments to take alongwith the lectures. Overall it was an awesome course. I would recommend it to everyone.
Very good one for candidates who are new to comp science and programming, helps one gain a lot of abstract understanding about computers, internet and networks.Assignments could have been more engaging
It's very helpful for the people want to pick up his first language! A great course.But for the folks who have studied some other language it's might be little bit too easy and not content-intensified.
Pros:Amazing Tutor & Amazing course for a beginner. Concepts are explained in various modes such as program, flowcharts & etc.MCQ's are good.Cons:More test or programs can be added for the evaluation.
This is a good intro to programming. Its paced well and taught well. I could follow the lessons, but i struggled writing my own programs. I will continue with the series though in hopes I can improve.
we can  learn a lot of things about python programming and the most interesting thing is that they are teaching the python from basics.assignments help us to improve thinking and of code on our own.
As a beginner this is  great course to start with basics and move onto next level with other courses. This course doesn't cover too much but focuses on basic parts and they are explained in details.
Excellent information for someone who has no experience programming.  Videos are long for those who have a strong knowledge of programming, but want to get to more advanced stages of python quickly.
I had been wondering "how programming can be taught for everyone?". But the course design, content delivery and test created are very well organized, which insist me to think differently. Thank you.
I felt that this course was a bit slow paced and that there was a lot of fluff in the videos. Still, the course covers basic concepts (e.g. variables, conditionals, loops, etc.) of programming well.
The course is really useful for those who learn the basics of programming using python. People who already know programming in different language and would like to python please stand out from this.
It's a good course as entry point to the world of Python but sometimes the lessons content (video explanation, shown slides) a bit to fast for reading or i'm to old. ;o)   Thank's for this course.
i have learnt a lot from this course and instructor, he has amazing teaching skills i has inspired by his teaching way and i get a lot from this course thank you course for this vanish apportunity
I found the course very good. However, towards the end of the course I found it a little bit difficult.All in all, I am glad to have taken this course. It gave me a better understanding of Python.
Engaging prof, knows how to present concepts in an easily accessible way. Activities were the right level - challenging but not impossible. The support videos for the activities were very helpful.
instructor is very good.Assignments are also good.no matter anyone doesent know about ABCs of python,those students can also try this course.Instructor provides study material too.So,Its awesome.
Concept teaching is very awesome. Assignments and quiz problems were also good but concept-wise,this course was somewhat limited. Also, there should be a certificate of excellence or somthing. :)
Good start. Content is simplified. I would have loved if nuances like why to use 'elif' after 'if' rather than 'if' after 'if' or use of ' while True' instead of 'while not False' were explained.
The course was very good and informative. Now, after completing this course, I am like I know something. I can code a little bit. but, I was expecting more from the course. Thanks for the course.
Great course. I really learnt the concepts and will continue to the next course. A possible improvement would be to have more complicated problems, not just simple applications of the principles.  
this is a fantastic course for those who are new to python and also new to programming language this course is a very good course and i really would thank to all course teaching staff and mentors 
It's a wonderful course! The only problem is the course uses an older version of python and I can't practice the problems on my latest text wrangler or pycharm. Still, everything else is perfect.
It is how I accepted it to be. I completed it smoothly without any problem. The professor is really very good. I enjoyed the course and never felt like giving up. Thank you coursera and Michigan 
Very informative course with well planned lectures and assignments.  Some more worked example videos would be helpful when completing the assignments but otherwise I fully recommend this course.  
It was an effective overview of the most basic ideas in computer science as a general study, and the rudiments of Python.  I found it extremely helpful as a complete newcomer to computer coding.
Excellent for beginners. Perhaps not as much value for people who have used other programming languages. I am an R user and found this easy and a good introduction. Thank you professor Severance
The course is amazing for beginners. Dr. Chuck makes the material super easy and very approachable. Definitely recommended for anyone who intends to take the first steps on the programming road.
i really like this course, this was the best basics of the python anyone could have taught to a beginner.i really appreciate the way the professor was teaching and his examples were phenomenal.
Very helpful in learning the basic skills and knowledge of Python language. Feeling happy for enrolling in this course and would highly recommend to friends who are interested to learn Python!!
Good explanations and I really enjoyed the videos. I didn't watch very many of them though so there's a good chance I don't know what I'm talking about (just trying to get to the later courses)
It is too easy even for beginners, topic about dictionaries would be useful (or is there any second part of the course?). Assignments are too easy to cheat. Lectures are awesome, nothing to add
It is a great course if you are new to programming and want to have a feeling about it. If you already know some intermediate programming skills, then this course might look very easy for you.
The course provides basic Python information through resources that are easy to understand. The course is effective in providing learners with a good foundation to begin their Python journey.
I had a great experience while learning through this Coursera. The lectures were explained neatly so that each and every one can understand clearly. I am extremely satisfied with this course.
this is first course i have taken here in coursera and it is going awesome and the teachers are awesome here. last assignment was tricky and a little bit hard but i got it. thank you so much.
The course really provides me an overview of basic python! Every lesson can be learned step by step without additional tutoring! I found it very useful and I have registered the second class! 
The course is great. The only thing that annoyed me is the video on a page. For my opinion it would be better to stay a video always to be pinned on the top of a page during scrolling a text.
Very good class and explanations of the video content, but i think some exercices lack a little bit of explanation, like 5.2 for example, but might be the intention. Anyway, very good course.
Love the class. A bit frustrating that the Kindle version of the textbook is not broken down into chapters and so, doesn't line up precisely with the chapter references in the Coursera class.
This course is really inspiring and intresting too and the main is the teaching aids of Dr. Chuck and his friendly behaviour make too curios about the course material all about a good course.
This one of the best introductory classes for python and for beginner its really good , the concept was explain in a really effortless manner and with the example the things are clear enough
This course is really usefull to clear our basics. The person who don't know anything about python they also able to make programm and make their own code. Thanks for this intresting course.
Great course, very well prepared.It is sufficiently concise and always interesting. Explaining in very simple terms basic Python coding concepts and with interesting practical use exercises.
Excellent course! The course guide will take you through the basics of python very smoothly.Recommended to every one who is interested to learn python irrespective of the academic background
Well, Thanks Coursera community for this basic programming lesson. It helped me a lot to gain the basic knowledge about this python programming. I look forward to recommend this to everyone.
i understood all the things that were taught here in coursera.. its very helpful thanks for all thesebut some other things are also there in python which were not coveredbut coursera is best
Quite good for someone new to programming, but a bit too simple for someone who has experience in some other programming language... might want to look for courses for this type of audience.
It was great course for me, yet i have had issue in few chapters like loops where i think more details were required but i am sure by little practice i'll be confident on those topics also.
Great instructions and super easy to follow. I wish there was more content though. For $49, it seems like a "For dummies" book on Python would be more valuable since it covers more content. 
Great course for the beginner with little or no programming experience.  The lectures are well delivered and short allowing them to be watched practically anywhere you have a spare 15 mins! 
highly informational from python perspective, but really basic coding concepts were discussed using python. Was looking for some more advanced concepts. All in All a great course. Cheers :)
Simple, easy introductory course. This is just the beginning. You should at least take the next two courses in the Python for Everybody Specialization to learn at least 90% of the language.
This course was very helpful for me.I even didn't know about programmming before doing this course.But now I created a rigid base about python and programming.The classes were also better.
The professor is interesting and the lecturer is very clear. The course is not heavy. But I feel the assignment and quizzes are too basic and essay. Perhaps more challenges will be better. 
A course that is very useful for Python beginners, and the assignments are appropriate for students. The only downside to this course is that the duration of the class is relatively short.
Prof is really great but the course is very elementary if you have programming experience with any of the previous language you can read the book suggested by the Prof and skip this course
first time i had done any course online and this was a wonderful experienceI learned all the stuff and the explanation provided was good.i would like to do more courses from herethank you
The course is very good. The explanation is good and simple. The only bed things that are in the course that are too much bonus content and also there is no directly resoluted assignments
It is a really good course for python beginners in addition to the fact that the instructor interacts and explains well but i think there is requirement of little more worked-out examples
Sometimes, Dr. Chuck tends to over-explain simple things and make unnecessary analogies; other than that: a great course! I recommend it to anybody with little to no experience in Python.
This course is very good for someone need to start programming, It gives you a introduction to coding world, And absolutely it is for beginners. and boring  little bit for intermediate .
Hey Hi! In some questions in quizzes i feel that some of the options are kinda obvious that they are wrong . if you could change them the course would be pretty good as a beginner course
This course was very useful in increasing my knowledge in python programing . I recommend this course to everyone as you start learning python as a beginner through this course.Thank you
Excellent tutorship by doctor Severance. But the autograder is a bit too picky. Sometimes it's just annoying to get an error message even after a clean effort. Hope this will be improved
The course is good but there should be hands on coding videos from the instructors rather than just telling the theory, that too not apt for understanding. Otherwise good course content.
I enjoyed the whole time while learning the python course, those lectures on python, and extra lectures on different topics were awesome. The assignments given were really knowledgeable.
This is my first course I am taking on Coursera and I am amazed how much I am actually learning. Dr Chuck is really good in the video lessons and really manage to 'come thru the screen'. 
excellent work i really appreciate dr chuck, he shud make us work on each concepts of programming by explaining 2 to 3 programs of each concepts, anyway thanks a lot for the lectures!!!
Classes were really awesome. It would be great for those who have no prior programming knowledge or who lacks basic understanding of programming. I would expect more practice exercises.
A good introduction to python. Involves quizzes regarding the basic concepts covered. I wish it had more assignment questions each chapter. That would have made this course even better.
overoll, i like this course, the instructor is very friendly, i learn a lot of thing here, thank you mr chuck, but in my opinion, the assignment is too dificult for freshman, thank you
A very great and brief course, any one who has no prior experience in programming can learn easily. Don't be panic if you face  any problem, there is a great learning environment here.
Dr. Charles taught us a lot of information regarding python. I thought it would be difficult in the beginning but it's way more interesting while enriching the language. Thank You Sir!
Love the professor, however, I spent a lot of time working on the very last assignment, and when I finally finished, the system somehow logged out automatically and I had to start over
Pretty good course, have been looking forward to learning code for a while.This course is very friendly to office workers, I could always find my time to dig into it. Thanks professor!
Had a great learning experience ! Topics were explained in simple language and with clarity for the sake of beginners. Found the course well-organised and productive. Thanks Coursera !
Nothing was as satisfying as knowing nothing about computer code in the beginning and getting to a point where I could write some simple code without looking at anything else for help. 
The course is good and easy to understand.It can be understood by anyone.also that is the reason it is written python for everyone.I think there should be more questions for practice.
I already wrote a review (I thought). Professor Severance performed admirably. I am jaded by knowing too many programming languages, but there is nothing exciting about Python for me.  
Best course to start and learn python. Programming assignments and quiz are what gives it an extra edge.I wish there were more programming assignments.Apart from that course is great. 
It is a good course. You will be told the basic of progamming so clearly, as me. But it must give us more programming assignment, I think, to add our experient programming with python
The course material is intuitive, suitable for students from all fields, even without prior programming knowledge. A good starting point for those who would like to learn programming.
Video lectures could be a little bit shorter by cutting basic explanations, for example, don't need to go thru the whole list oz numbers to see that each of them is smaller or larger.
I loved the course.  It allowed me to learn at a pace that I was comfortable with.  I tried a class from Plurasite, but it moved a little too quickly for me.   I will be taking more.   
Coming from now Python background I think the first part was really good. The assignments got confusing and hard towards the end and I felt like things were missed to help beginners.
If You are ALready familer with basic concepts of programming then you can skip this certification. Overall it was nicely contributed by teachers, made good understanding of concepts
This is my first certification i am doing. I known this website through my friend. i found it very useful for me. i have learned a new type of learning thanks to Mr.Charles Severance
Good introduction to Python, it gets you into the mindset of programming and combining syntax to do something useful. The videos could be more to the point and better quality though.
Excellent course. I have a minor gripe that the lectures were almost verbatim repeats of the course textbook which itself was very useful. Looking forward to the next course already.
This was a great course and very easy to learn. But it could've been better if they provide some extra tips or practice examples, which would clear the topics even more efficiently.
I loved how this course is built. The teaching methods, tests and assignments, additional knowledge, it was really helpful. But the graded assignments were a bit tough at the start.
This course gives a start in Python. Instructor is really good and the explanation is awesome.I would like to request him to add more real time examples scenario in coming sessions.
My first course in online..  its helpful for all.. but teacher talk too much other topic..  i hope  if you delete other topic..it's much better for all.. ovarall this course is good
the course is a great opportunity to get us started in the world of python language and the faculty members explain the concepts in a manner that even absolute beginners understand.
A little bit too fast-paced.I would like more exercises and more feedback on the assignments. More in-depth explanations into certain aspects like keywords, variables and functions. 
First of all, I want to thank faculty of this course. He is the best faculty I ever seen. Teaching and explaining method is quite good so that our basic fundamentals are very clear.
The course content is very good, but I found the Autograder quite frustrating. It can't take input on iOS and most of the required assessments require using input functions to pass.
The tutorials were really good and the way Sir explains everything is incredible.His way of creating humour in between keeps us awake and we never lose interest.Keep doing the same!
Makes programming not so scary. This is a great class for those that fear programming like me. Wish there were more exercises with solutions though so I could test myself some more.
Great start for anyone who wants to begin with python programming. Course is well designed and love the way it progresses along with the assignments and the small videos in between.
Useful for people with no programming experiences. The textbook contains all information needed, so basically you can read the textbook and they go on to the quizzes and homeworks.
it was an excellent experience taking this course. it was more easier than i had expected in the beginning of this course. each topic was  explained clearly and in a practical way.
a little less functional programming and a lot of theory and quizes related to the programming part. furthermore it is possible to cheat on the programming part to a certain degree
Great introduction for programming.I think it can be improved with more logic content and assignments, as well as some real cases (such as real examples of text file parsing, etc).
I have a basic knowledge of Phython bfrom Coursera ..it's very helpful for beginners and even I am also so I am hesitste I might be understood or not..but it's really very helpful 
This course is concise and interesting for a beginner. However, it is not challenging enough for some experienced programmers. There is no materials pertaining to list and tuples.
its nicely designed course with perfect instructor that to without installation. he always revise the lesson at the end of module & delivered everything friendly. Good Experience.
This course is wonderful course and it is easy to learn and easy to practice programmes and it is a basic course to learn python and gain knowledge on python programming.Thank you  
I thought the course was well ogranized and everything ran smoothly. I think it might be helpful if they gave some guidance on other IDEs you can use other than the command window
The course is very short, it doesn't discuss many necessary details! and for someone who doesn't have a programming background might find difficulties to understand the materials. 
Great course!! The best thing about the course weRe the assignment problems. Enforcing the learned topics in practical examples gave me a clear insight into the theory and syntax. 
It'd be 5 stars, if the program shown at the beginning of the course to look for the longest word and count how many there are in the text, was explained at the end of the course.
Had a Great time with this course in coursera but the content of python in this course is very less. But it is good for a new beginner who has no idea of any programming language.
Can have more rigorous assignments. Right now the code snippets are already provided. Maybe keep some optional tough assignments to cater to all levels of programming abilities :)
Excellent introduction to Python for people without programming background. If you have a background in programming it can appear pretty basic. Lectures are very well delivered .
Dr. Chuck did a great job a teaching from the ground up while keeping those with some previous experience engaged.  Thanks for all the great lecture and personality!Jeremy Yockey
This course is very useful where you can learn from basics. If we get more assignment questions for practice it would be more useful. Charles Severance is great ,thank you Sir!!.
Actually i got stuck in last assignment. According to me more examples must have taught in the last assignment topic. We need to get more knowledge on using None and try/except.
it was really a nice experience of learning online .I didn't  thought that these course is this much easy .i gained lot of knowledge from this course .finally thank you coursera
Very good course. The information is passed on effortlessly by the professor and all the study material is very helpful. Definitely recommend it to all who want to learn Python.
I really enjoyed the course.Thanks for making an effort to teach us python,we really appreciate it.I really loved listening to the entrepreneurs,their works and establishments.
Well paced. I do wish that the last lesson wasn't so crammed in and difficult. I can understand to push for more material but that last week alone could have been split in two.
Dr Chuck is the awesome teacher man!!!He is the best in teaching the way he explains to you the concept is the Best.Thank you sir Thank you so much for this course.Lots of love
Great first programming course though the material is somewhat light. Charles is an excellent teacher. I look forward to having him as my teacher on more challenging materials.
The Python Programming course is really interested i have completed successfully and the video lectures and slides are nicely arranged which are very helpful for me. Thank dear
This course provided a solid basics in programming as well as in Python. I thank everyone involved including instructor and coursera for providing such a wonderful opportunity.
There are many redundant aspects in the course. Installation instructions were for outdated OS. I did learn the basics how to program in Python though, and that's a good thing.
this course is very easy for those who have learnt c and c++ ,and knowing c and c++ made me learn this course very very very easily .And thank you chuck you explain things good   
the course was bit hard for me everytime when i reach to the next assignment it totally takes my whole day and i learned here every word that that we choose there is a meaning 
GOOD FOR THOSE WHO DON'T KNOW PROGRAMMING CONCEPTS, BUT IF U KNOW ANY OTHER LANGUAGE BASICS ITS BETTER TO TAKE THE ADVANCED COARSE THIS IS REALLY AT THE BOTTOM, FOR BEGINNERS.
it is taught is most simple way and clears all the basic concepts of python and programming                      (in general)  and the way of engaging of Dr.Chuck is also good
The lectures definitely help distinguish this course in comparison to others I have attempted. I am excited to move on and continue with the additional courses in the program.
Nice Course with great problems. One of the problems was such that a minute mistake was making the program fail. The course provided a great opportunity to enhance my skills.
I am an experienced c++ programmer, so this course was very easy for me. But I believe that students starting with programming probably would need more detailed explanations.
The external tool is difficult to adapt. Ex; In Atom the code runs correctly, but in the assignment it shows different erros that are because indents are not well recognized.
this is the first online course that i opted for learning programming in python.It was quite satisfactory and productive.This helps for beginners giving good content to learn
While i have basis knowledge of languages like c and c++, i took this course to understand basics of python. I am very much satisfied with the learning i got from the course. 
This Course provided me some idea to start learning the python course, Thank you professor for great teaching and understand. I recommend this course who want to learn Python   
I enjoyed this course. I was a good introduction to Python. The videos and material are easy to understand. I look forward to taking the other courses in this specialization.
It is really good class for beginner about programming. Easy to understand also I wanna try to get more class about python from this Michigan university online class. thanks
Dr Chuck has made learning the Python programming language very entertaining and easy to pick up. I appreciate being able to try out what I learnt on the online assessments. 
In this course i have completed the some basic concept about the python ,but i will suggest that coursera make  some more difficult level of the course .Thank you  cousrea .
This is a good course.  I'd recommend spending some time with the textbook as you go through the course as the book builds on the lectures, rather than the other way around.
it's a beautiful course but about  the tasks i think it could be more obvious than it is beacuse there are more than task i couldn't know what i should do. thanks at all .
An interesting course that is meant for absolute beginners. The concepts are explained very deliberately and the understanding is tested well by the quizzes and assignements
I like this course and I was wondering to learn python programming firstly in coursera. Through this course, I learned the basic python clearly. Special thanks to Coursera!
A very helpful and lucid approach for beginners who want to learn programming and that too with python. This course requires no prior experience just a little enthusiasm !!
It's was very detailed and informative in such a way that i also learned a lot about how the language was created and developed rather than just the syntax and programming.
Very well thought out and organized! Wish there could be a little more help on assignments, but overall a very enjoyable experience. I will definitely take the next course! 
4.5/5. Very informative and helpful. Additional practice examples with step-by-step breakdown to answers would be extremely useful, but overall great class. I recommend it.  
Very friendly to beginners who has no experience of coding. I also find it is very helpful to read other people's review especially those who had coding experience before. 
I felt that the Supervisors enthusiasm was reduced to a certain extent in some of the videos, unlike what he was at the beginning of the course, but it is very excellent.
Very good course. For beginners this course really designed well and the quizzes and assignments purely testing the basic skills of learners. Special thanks to Instructor. 
Great for beginners to get a taste on Python programming language, great instructor, nicely curated content, pretty good assignments. Overall loved and enjoyed the course. 
it perfectly introduces us with basics of  python but it works with old python syntax needs to be updated.like input function can take integer and float value directly now
I know that this is a course for beginners but we could really increase the level of difficulty of the assignments. I think it would benefit a lot of prospective students.
I think this course is espetacular for new programmers, I really like the explanations about how the python works, this way become easy to understand and learn programing.
still getting confused when there is reported error when programming. The way that I can fix is coding on the note pad and paste is to the web to see what's wrong on that. 
Very good info; just wish the Android app, desktop app, and iOs app all updated more gracefully (maybe a critique of Coursera more generally?) Assignments are pretty easy. 
while the efforts of teacher are extraordinary, I was hoping for something more technical as i had a lot of issues during command prompt runs and unable to progress much.
simple , to the point , some little fun blabbering by the author , but im hoping more to see and example on the course that was truly used in real life / work environment
The course was very nice for the beginners. I would like to recommend to beginners for this course as well as i would say there is a need for some more exercise questions
This course made me feel smart - probably because of the really slooooow way of explaining things.Nevertheless, I found this very helpful, and I really loved assignments.
the course was overall good,love this course.this course helps me in achieving good programming skills.Dr.chuck is such a amazing teacher.his teaching style is just lit.
It is goog course for getting high-level knoledge about Python, but I excepcted more deeper information about that language (data structure, lambda exspressions and etc)
On the easy side since I already had some programming experience but none the less very effective for beginners. Did however got an understanding of the basics of python
very basic. It is very good for a person who know nothing about programming but slow and not very technical if anyone already have knowledge of any programming language.
the course is good but i think one thing can make it prefect for beginners which is more practical exercises to make the student feel confident moving to the next lesson
Most of it very easy, so if you just new to python the most of it will bore you. Never the less does it a great job to teach you semantics of python. I can recommend it!
The last two weeks had too much material crammed into them, whereas the first few weeks were a bit dull. Otherwise the course was excellent for beginners such as myself! 
Really good start to get the basics down in Python. Would recommend to students that want to learn Python. However I would recommend upgrading the class to use Python 3.
Got this course to learn a lot ..Thank you for this course. I get know experience and knowledge in using different kinds of online tools which are useful and effective. 
This is really easy to grasp if you have some basic knowledge of any programming language, otherwise its a bit difficult and you'll have to pause and think for a while.
Its a very nice course for a beginners who wants  to start with the python programming. I really learn lots of thing in this course.And I Enjoyed the course. Thank you.
This is a small basic tutorial for beginners in python with a detailed explanation. If you are a newbie it will be the stepping stone. Overall it is good for beginners.
This is an excellent course about beginning of python programming, I recommend to take it, the material is clear and you can repeat the videos every time that you need.
The professor explain really good the material. The best thing is to review the book, it helps to understand better the concepts of Programming and capability of Python
This course is very useful. I've learned the basics of python in a right and efficient manner. I recommend this course for the beginners who wants to learn the python. 
This was my first course which i have completed on coursera. And i would like to thanks Coursera and my Dr Charles for such a woderful explanation...Thank you coursera
very frustrating when it comes to coding, doing some silly mistakes like space or tab, I would love that those errors would be ignored or hinted, but overall I'm happy
The quality of the information and pace a are great for someone looking to gain programming skills to supplement their current knowledge or begin career in programming
The course was overall simple and easy to learn the basics of python. Even you don't have any background experience in programming, you can learn A-Z with this course.
Amazing mentor and had fun learn with the expert of python and giving us zenith of the python course and helping with the basic Knowledge to the pinnacle of knowledge
Good for a beginner level course. I finished it 1 day. I hope we got to see more professional levels of programming in the future. Dr Severance is an amazing lecturer
Nice mix of tutorials and assignments. I like the way doc scribbles what is going on and output on top of the code. sometimes 1.2 speed is useful, but also pausing:-)
Great introductory course for non CS majors/non-programmers. If this is the first programming course you are taking it is great and also as an introduction to Python.
Great course when you are just getting started with Python. Nice buildup in the material. Functions and loops are explained in a visual way, this was a big help to me
it is a good platform to learn the programming language like python i have gain some basics of python and  now have little bit confidence to write the code in python  
This course  helped me to understand python without any difficulty ,And  i have learned the basics of python programming through this course and exercises were good.
it's a very good course for beginners who want to learn programming concepts. Also, Mr.Chunk is a very good instructor. I highly recommend this course for beginners.
I was able to enjoy the total course completely,and could answer the quizzes,assignments anytime anywhere with no borders and could earn a certificate in an easy way
Week 2 doesn't look finished even when its done. Otherwise, The rest of the course is just fabulous and my sincere thanks for such an amazing knowledge filed course.
good course every beginner should do it to get basic knowledge of pythonunlike other tutorials it give a problem statement and move forward only when it is completed
It was very helpful course, but progress is to slow for my level of knowledge. It is for beginners. If you have some experience this course will be too easy for you.
Though it is a beginner level course, I really enjoyed it! Dr.Severence is awsome! Exception handling is the new thing that learned here. Thank you UM and Coursera.
the last external tool is not working I tried everything I think its lagging because it keeps on going on a loop please let me end the course I have done everything
pretty good for someone just starting with python language. Altough, some more problems would be better to understand . Assignments-perfect,especially the last one.
Would like information for more practice. Either through some online tools or practice to run through Atom and command prompt. Looking forward to the next sections.
all perfect! from the class to the video quality, to the assignments, quiz and the notes.. enjoyed the course. Thanks to Prof Charles, made leaning python very easy
It was a great opportunity to get learnt at home  from famous Instructor.Thanks to the Coursera. And gratitude  to the Mr. Instructor for his cordial presentation.
I really liked by the way of being taught. I just started with Python and I am glad because I really am interested in it now. Thank you, Sir and Coursera platform.
  Its good for beginners,Course explanation was very clear and helpful to all. Its provides Assignments and Quizzes are better than other online education platforms.  
AS,it is quiet intresting but there should be some more detailed concept not only vedios there should be some quiet intersting problems,hope we can enjoy, thankyou
Nice work! Although I would have preferred more exercises (possibly with solutions). Quiz tests are super easy. Maybe the slides used in the video could be updated 
Firstly, I want to say honesty Thank you, sir. It is really obvious to learn with u, very very proud of meTake a little rest and go to the next class against, Bye
Sometimes it felt like we were going through fairly basic concepts repeatedly to no great gain, but excellent beginning coverage and good explanation of concepts!
Quite python basics.If you have learned other programming languages,you just need 2-5 hours to complete this course.Anyway,it is a good start for learning python.
Dr. Chuck is exceptionally talented. The entire course was very engaging and a fruitful learning experience. Definitely would recommend this course for beginners.  
altough course is good but the level should be little bit high , its a very basic course and it should cover more topics but i must say chuck did a very good job
I like the teaching style of the teacher, but the course is too easy for students who already learn C programming language. (Maybe I'm not a beginner in python?) 
The last probelm is pretty unreasonable. It should tell us more information about not change the top two put instead of the hint" you should compute min and max.
I enjoyed the instructor teaching but the video and interviews, but not those with Guido van Rossum, were not very interesting and had nothing to do with Python.
Very good for someone just getting started with programming. The pace will be slow for someone with any programming experience, but the material is still useful.
Overall, a very good course.  For the vast majority of it, I felt that information was explained carefully and there was a good balance of challenge and support.
too easy, save us us much time to learn it.beside this, it is also a good experience because it has many bonus about the background of the development of Python.
It would be good if the course can include the worked solutions to the assignments, and solutions to all the examples at the end of the chapters in the textbook
is a Great course for those who want to start to learn the language, even if this is your first computer language. (excuse my poor english, i'm learning it too) 
"  Good introduction to basic programming of Python. Very easy for beginners in 
python who have already some programming background and also for non programmers. "
A better option to start your coding carrer.Mentors are too good.This course is designed in a way that we can understand as well as implement all the concepts.
i liked the way our instructor taught us, helped me really to learn the most basics of python. As for now i will say it  is best way to learn basics of python.  
A bit too basic for people commonly using Python. I feel like the whole intro to "how the computers work" was not really necessary, but otherwise great course.
Very nicely crafted and well executed programming course in Python to start with, especilly for those whowanna mae a carer in Macine Learning and Data Science. 
Hay videos en los que el profesor se extiende demasiado en las explicaciones y personalmente se me hacen muy largas. Llegando incluso a hacerme perder el hilo.
the coding tool is not working very well. always complaining about the indentation error even the indents are correctly entered. Very frustrating the starters. 
Dr Chuck was an amazing instructor who explained all the concepts in a very interesting manner.however more concepts python should be included  in this course.
first two weeks were not really informative but, it was a great course.. i like the enthusiastic teacher and the hands on practice sessions are really helpful
Some of the assignments were a bit to difficult to complete for someone who has just started out with programming but the discussion forums are quite helpful.
Great intro to 100% new programmers!Very quick reminder of basic programming constructs and their implementation in Python for those with previous experience.
Very nice course for beginners. If there is some experience with other programming languages it can easily be absolved in 1/2 days, while not rushing through. 
i was elated to be a part in this coursework. The professor explanation was very clear and intriguing. Thanks to all those who have organised this coursework. 
A little bit easy for those who have programming experience but a very very good beginning for those who haven't know anything about python. Love this course
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)from this course I'm learn basic of Python programming from installing of python to loop and many more
It is my first online experience of studying, its is great because of Dr. Chunk, he is great teacher. I love the way he teach, it is easy and understandable. 
Very good course for the person who doesn't know any programming language, but it can be made much more practicing for who already know a bit of programming.
It was really great course. I understood it well though I've some challenges and I hope that I can solve it.. Thanks to our beloved Doctor a lot.. Dr Charles
very good course to start learning python if u r engineer then u must visit this course it will build ur confidence for this language along with the basics . 
This course was a tad bit tough for me, but don't let that dishearten you! There are amazing educators and you will figure it out if you are inclined to work
python playground is not so good at checking the codes.It also check the spaces from the desired output,which sometimes creates panic situation for the coder
It was a great learning course! And the instructor sir charles russell severance was great ! but i think there must be more assignments and code to practise
this course is good for learning what is python and its good for understanding newly or fresher person who's not relate to the computer science back ground.
I studied Python before and I registered for this lesson it was good and I could learn more.I recommend it to anyone who wants to start the Python language.  
This Course is a basic building block for programming in python. And if the basics are strong than there are definite chances of achieving higher altitudes.
Definately a very good  course for those who are starting with programming,for those who are already a bit into programming wilfind it very easy to complete 
Excellent course to start learning programming! I did an Udemy course before this and had nothing to do with the clarity of the explanations of this course.
Great course for absolute programmers, but not the best for the programmers who already know programming just getting starting with python, it way to basic!
Course was helpful, Professor was awesome, the practice problems towards the end were a bit difficult and there was little guidance on the final assignment 
Really  Awesome Course i love it so much if there is presentation session and face to face session then it too cool and thank you to coursera and Dr. chunk
The course instructor is the one of the best I have ever seen. One thing that this course should be added with is more practice of the topics being taught.
  Excellent course for people wanting to learn programming with Python from scratch. The instructor is excellent and very engaging so would highly recommend.  
thank you charles for this course ,,your way of teaching was excellent and i started this extension courses,,,i am very impressed with your teaching style.
Very good introductory course for programming wannabees. It doesn't dive deep into the explanations but covers a lot of the important topics for beginners.
Nice course for those who never contact with programming, while its process may be a little bit too slow for those knows about other programming languages.
Suitable for those who do not have basic knowledge about programming, but seems to be too easy for people like me.  However, Prof.Chuck is soooo excellent.
A great foundation building course. Dr. Chuck sure does makes it a fun learning experience without compromising on the effective rendition of the concepts.
It was awesome course. Charles is super professional and entertaining. But I think It can be better with a little bit more complicated assignment problems.
Great course, easy for whom already know how to program, but really great for the ones who are beginning programming! The next courses should be great too.
Nice and easy course. I think the slides need some improvement especially for those who just study from them without explanation from the instructor.Thanks 
With No previous experience with programming, I got to learn it in very simple and understandable way which has created a good foundation to learn further  
I found this course very useful for beginners. The instructor is great and teaches every single concept in detail. Thanks Coursera and the instructor too.
in this course  i  have  learn basic of python programing . and i can easily understand . this is the best course to learn any thing .thank you coursera .
For me, this course is not 100% helpful, because I already have a programming background, but for a beginner, this is an amazing course he can start with. 
Dr.Chuck is perfect,but he does not code. I mean that he just teach.I think he should teach one function after that code that.There is no enough practice.
Very nicely done. A little bit difficult in finding solutions for the graded exercises when you are stuck. Had to rely on outside help for some solutions.
Excellent introduction but I think it could have expanded more on the different ways in which a loop can be written (example how to use ranges with "for")
Great course for learning HOW to learn programming. The instructor made learning Python fun and welcoming to people who are completely new to programming.
Its really great experience of your interactive classes i utilise my lockdown time with you and feels great. i also thank you for this great magic box :) 
The course is great, although I do think people with no experience need a bit more videos and details on various stuff such as variable types, lists, ect
While being super intuitive, the course is too easy even for beginners,The lectures are coherent and smooth, assignment could be slightly more difficult.  
This course is good for you if you just started doing programming. But if you have 1 2 months programming experience in any language this is not of you.
sir could go more deep into conceptsI appreciate sir's hard and dedicate works on this program and a special thanks from my Institute and the university
This was a great opportunity to learn about the programming language I was here to study. Just to add that I would like to have more practice questions.
Sometimes the instruction for the assignment isn't clear enough for the beginner. However, the video quality is the best online course i have ever been.
Good course for absolute beginners.  If you have any level or programming experience, I would recommend you start with something a bit more complicated.  
The way Dr.Chuck has conducted this course is very interesting and helps to understand the why as well as the how behind the concepts of Python language
Good for beginners. Extremely slow for individuals from programming background.Great Explanation. Even a non programmer could easily follow this course.
Great introduction course with good organized detail.Although I am an experienced C/C++ programmer,I think this should be still very easy for beginners. 
The course was great! I am very motivated to pursue my interest in programming. I'd suggest to add some more practical exercises or external resources.
Loved this course as it teaches from basic! Although during week 4-5-6 I felt that it went fast but if you do proper study every week , it will be easy
Very good course to start in python and programming. Maybe i would elevate a little the difficulty of the assignaments, but it's a good course overall.
I had a fantastic experience of this python for everybody course. Instructor Charles teaching was very good and had practical approach. Thanks coursera 
This course was good and every begineer programmer should atleast take it once. moreover, there is no better option to start programming except python.
The course is brilliant. I put 4 instead of 5 only because of the last assignment which seemed way beyond a normal level of difficulty for this course.
A little time-wasting for those who already have programming experience. Better to read a book or doc.However, it may be great for beginners of coding.
Course is great, instructor is also great. For basics of python its a great a course. But i felt that content is less and would have added more content
Like the style of the professor and his really cool tea cup :P . Good start for any one. First time ever completed a coursera course . Cheers for me :)
This is a great course to kickstart your python programming. Only thing is that they teach you till loops, so you will miss out on topics like arrays.
this is good course for beginers especially for those who have not programming experience.one can learn upto function and loops in 1st course of PY4E. 
Everything is perfect, except for the checking system of assignments, it just keeps pinging with annoying error even after fulfilling the requirements 
As the name says  getting started, this course maintains its complexity low. but, it will be much better if the level of complexity is raised a little
it was totally good so fat that I have learnt more things I really wanted to know about python programming and I'm constantly continuing course remain
Very well planned a course for beginners in programming but for one who knows other programming and just came here to learn python will feel too basic
This course teaches programming from the scratch using Python. It is really helpful for students who want to learn programming but have no experience. 
Great as a first introduction to Python. However, if you have any prior programming experience, this course is most likely to be way too easy for you.
really nice and delightful to learn in such an effective manner in this platform!I whole heartedly thank each and everyone behind this global mission.
A bit of a slow start, but that's probably necessary for a programming course. Good way to get started. Definitely need to take the follow-up courses.
Pretty good course but needs improvement in terms of exercises for the students. Needs to be enhance for the latest software that currently available
Good course for complete beginners.But pace of the course is little bit slow, the number of questions are very less and difficulty level is also low.
It was taught really well but I found it a bit boring may be because I already knew C and C++ but its good for someone who is very new to programming 
It has been a great experience learning with coursera. This was the first course that I opted in coursera. Looking forward to get more opportunities. 
First few lectures was more about machines than python. But rest helped a lot. Thanks and like the way Charles Severance teach its by far awesome. :)
This introductory course, although basic, gives you some insight into Python, providing you essential tools to get started writing your own programs. 
this course is ideal for beginner. i found this course quit basic. prof. is really awesome..,funny and most importantly --he made interesting course.
Great content, awesome tutor, i only wish there were more exercises to do with a higher difficulty each time.Other than that, perfect course. thanks.
This is a great class! It makes Python (and coding) approachable for people like me, who want to learn how to code but have absolutely no experience.
amazing teaching by the instructor i really liked the way he teaches and so i could learn the course so perfectly thank you sir (Mr.Charles Russell)
assignments are very easy..but rest of the stuff are well structured, specially the video lectures.the Instructor also teaches the topics very well.
Great  accessible course with clear explanations and an online Python environment! I would have preferred even more exercises and practice material. 
Good introduction to python programming. I do know the fundamentals, however this made me aware of the syntax used in python, which was very useful.
Good to start off newly. But I think an certificate of completion must have been issued after completing the course for those taking the free course
It's very good but maybe it is a good idea to introduce some small exercises to get to practice more in the interface before making the assignment.
I wish the videos could be a tad bit longer and elaborate. Otherwise, the course was immensely helpful. Thank you Sir and the entire Coursera team. 
Good overall content, some of the rules for the required interpreters are not made clear to the user which can cause problems when submitting code.
This course made me more confident while solving assignments, video lectures are very helpful and basic concepts of python are explained very well
very good explanation  about basic concept of python .step by step  learning .online tool for exa programme practice overall very good experience.
Great course for new Python learners. Only things to complain is the length of video, lessons could be more succinct and decrease some small talk.
In my view,coarse should include more assignments.Lectures are pretty cool and as a learner we expect more problems to be discussed in lectures...
the course is superb to learn basics of pythons.The assignments are too easy to solve....there should be more challenge to solve this assignments.
This course is for beginners who have very few knowledge in any programming language. It won't help much if someone wants to learn profession work
This is an excellent course for beginners and junior developers. For those with programming experience however, the course is definitely too easy.
Homework assesments can be improved. I^ve seen that in sam assignments even if the answer is correct, grading sytem was not able to understand it.
Excellent course for beginners, the rythm is perfect! I just wish there were more (ungraded) excercices with solutions to practice more on my own.
Extremely easy for anyone who has prior knowledge in any programming language, and the quizzes and assignments are educational even by themselves
Its really a great experience to enroll in this program.I liked the way Mr.Charles teach programming a lot became a fan for a professor 1st time.
i think it is too easy to done if you pastly know programming but as it say it for everybody then its alrightbut you can advance this course also 
A few videos I wish I can skip ahead and not affect completionist. (Though seriously speaking all videos are optional.) Otherwise, very thorough.
Not that many in-depth practices. The quiz never changes. The instructor is fun, but talks really slow. Good for beginner. Overall a good course.
I enjoyed the course in general but I don't like the python tool. It is not very clear with the errors. Apart of that a great place for beginners
Very good and informative cours! Helps you to understand basic language elements and provide you an opportunity to further progression in future.
good stuff.  I think that working in an IDE like PyCharm would greatly assist those new to the development community.  Very grateful for Coursera
The course content was good but I was expecting to learn something challenging which this course lacked. Anyways, the teaching quality is great. 
A good course for beginners. I would recommend to reduce the explanation time taken for each concept, but the overall course had been very nice. 
Really amazing to learn Python with Mr.Chuck. He is very good at teaching. I'm incredibly excited to learn from his courses offered by Coursera.
This is  the perfect course for who really wants to start learning about python from the beginning . this course gives a basic idea about python 
Reading and videos don't exactly provide enough examples to fully understand material. Have to go outside the course and read up on other sites. 
More on loops could be added. Overall the video lectures were good with valuable content. Other videos(office hours, etc.) were a bit annoying. 
Good beginners course. (I went in with other programming knowledge)Useful for learning basics of python, I worked out of the textbook (5 stars)
The lectures are very good, and initiate thinking process like a computer executes a program. I would expect more challenging practice problems
The course is very good, and we can understand each and every concepts so well that the person who doesn't even know programming can learn it. 
I think the assignment needs to explain more clearly. it's difficult to understand for new python students like me and thanks for this course.
To be honest, this course really helps you to learn basic python. The instructor was really good the way he explains is easily understandable.
It was enjoyable, I wanted to try Python. The indenting/code structure could be a chapter on its own and for me was the most frustrating part. 
Very much recommended for beginners.for the people with programming knowledge in other languages might feel bored.Overall it is a good course.
The course was very interesting and understandable.Thanks to Charles Russell Severance and other team members to make this course interactive.
The autograder questions had some error due to which I was facing a little bit problem but the video lectures and assessments are really good.
I really like this course.  the materials are engaging and the lectures easy to understand. I wish there was access to more practice exercises
Basic introduction to Python. With my level of understanding I wish I had skipped this and gone straight to the second course in the series...
Very good online course. Every student should learn this course.This course is very suitable for me.Thanks a lot Dr. Charles for this course.
More Interactive videos are needed and More assignments also. Overall this was a great experience completing the course. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
this class was very helpful to start with python.I would like to see the instructor show windows and mac in the command prompt with examples.
It was a very satisfying experience. Looking forward to learn more. It would have been better if all the courses had been available for free. 
This is really a starter's course and helps out people like me who have zero coding background make first step into the world of coding/data. 
This was a good intro to programming for sure! The book is very clear and concise. There could have been more information provided each week.
I enjoyed this course and it was a very good introduction to Python.  The free textbook associated with the course is a great reference also.
Even though I'm at an intermediate level in Python programming, this beginner-level course gave me valuable insights in how to teach coding. 
I experienced a good course explanation for python.The way of teaching each and every topic  is feasible. I suggest this course to my peers.
This course helped me in clarifying doubts in few areas of python programing.It is a great course where a fresher can start up their career.
It was very nice to learn Python from University of Michigan.It was a kind of rebuting and a king of revision it clear all the doubt .Thanks
informative beginning course that can everyone understand, thanks a lot for this course and I hope complete the other specialization courses 
The teacher and teaching method is great. But why didn't the platform cancel my subscription automatically after I finished the whole class? 
Excellent course for beginners. Those who have some previous programming experience, may find this a bit elementary. But very well taught: ) 
Quick win for whoever knows Java or C++.Try jumping onto the videos and complete assignments.So much to finish after this course, good luck!
The course moved quite slow for me, as an experienced C programmer.  I believe the pace would be beneficial for somebody new to programming.
It is more tailored towards a beginner in Python and should be an optional course. Rest the course material is good for a beginner in Python
Could cover more topics, but the topics covered are covered well!Some topics I had in mind:Generators, Decorators, Variable argument methods
Great starter course.  Was challenging at times as I started with a book on python 3 and this course covers 2.7, but overall very well done.  
well laid out course. I wish there were more examples and more worked exercises. very engaging overall. The auto grader frustrated me a bit
I learned much things in this course, like control flow, conditional statements, much more. Thanks Dr. Charles Severance alias Dr. Chuck...
A great course to start journey with python easy to understand language.I deeply like the way of teaching I am grateful to coursera and LPU
its a good course for everyone who wnts to learn python. coursera should provide lecture notes in pdf form so that we can revise instantly.
it's a very informative course i have learned a lot of things from my instructor. yeah i wanted to take next class of pyhton for everybody.
It's quite effective for those who are just about to start. This course is favorite to me for it's Python Conditional Classes and exercises
The last assignment was very tough. There were very less clue in the video about that question to solve other than that the course was good
It was a great experience learning and had lot of fun and enjoyed it a lot Thanks to 'Coursera' and University of Michigan for this course.
It was good experience. Slow but deep understanding about Python basics I got from this course. It is best course for starting with python.
Simple illustrations enough to help students to learn along.Yet assignments challenging enough to bring forth endorphins when it is solved! 
It is a good course. Quiz and Assignments are helpful. I have learnt a basic of python programming language. A huge thank you to Dr. Chuck. 
Great course for novices. If you have coded in a structured language in the past this course seems a little slow but still a good revision.
Simple straight forward and engaging. The course material is well crafted. I loved learning python and all lectures were succint in nature.
Very, very basic - although this was mentioned in the description... I did it anyway, because it was the first in the Python course row...
Great tutor and concepts are very well explained! It would be great if he spoke more about the syntax of loops, the range in for loop etc.
Very clear and well composed course, however practicing tools are a little bit annoying owing to the fact that output must be 100%the same
The explanation is not friendly. Is this how college lectures are supposed to be?  Still, I'm thankful to be able to take college classes.
This is by far the best introduction I had to Python.  The concepts are clear and easy to understand for a beginner.  Thank you Dr. Chuck. 
Awesome course for peoples having no programming background. But the people who knows coding will find it very basic to start with python.
This coursera training is most likely appropriate for Python programming beginners but probably not for those that have the basics already
I want to thank Sir Charles for thi great Python course.I've learned a lot and I will continue with the next Python courses! Thanks a lot!
Helps me to start off learning another new programming language. Provides me an alternative perspective when approaching problems at work. 
To my point of you, weeks 1 and 2 are kind of unnecessary for what is followed. I think in the should be at least 2 assignments in week 7 
It is wonderful  platform to learn python on coursera .  And having a lectures with Dr. Chuck was amazing . And i am a big big fan of him
Good Class for beginners. But there are more topics to cover. More unwanted and useless contents in course and those are must watch also.
Had totally amazing except lecture over-acting.I m going tostart next part as soon as possible.Thankyou, Coursera for amazing experience.
This is good basic learning of python. In this course i will learn all the basic concept which i will further use in working with python.
Very good introduction. Although it progresses a little too fast for someone with absolutely no previous knowledge of programming/coding. 
Good Class! Would be a  great class if greater detail was given during lectures that applied to practical application section of testing.
Very enjoyable course, though for me it was just too easy. I have managed to go through everything in just 2 days. I wish there was more. 
Good introductory course, however I feel the assignments are too narrow to really test what you have learned until maybe the week  7 one. 
Very clear! The only tip is to integrate the textbook with the assignments/slides a bit more, but other than that it's a fantastic course
It really is python for EVERYBODY, was a bit too simple for me. With very little python experience I completed all assignments in 2 days.
Challenging, detailed, just the right amount of everything you need to start learning Python.  However, the lectures were painfully long.
Great handy start up bootcamp for learning basic skills in python programming language. very likeable teacher and good set up of course. 
This course is very great and helpful for me i really appreciate Dr.Chcuk's efforts Also i thank coursera for this course's Availability
This course could be a lot more productive if it had more exercises .that would improve the students to grip more to python fundamentals 
The course is well defined and properly taught, could have been a bit faster and more content based! Looking forward to the next course!
The professor is very nice and classes are good, however I felt like it was a bit too easy and some parts were explained a bit too much. 
Great start with Python. Although not much information for people with experience, the course still provides some important information.
Professor Chuck is very humorous. It is strongly recommended to those who have zero prior experience on programming. It is fun and easy.
I think it could have been more challenging and have had more material. There was too much introductory material in the first two weeks.
As someone with no introduction to programming at all, this course was easy to follow through and was a pretty good introductory course! 
i had learned basics of python with good examples,quiz and problems which will help me in future.this course gave confidence to program
The Coursera and this course both helped me with my dreams. The course was way better than I thought and classes were extremely lively.
this was a good help for me to build the basic knowledge of python.I recommend this course whoever wants to know the basis about python
course was good. but need to include more concept because things which were covered in course was too basic.otherwise it is really good
Not enough real time feedback from the automatic grader on assignments in the coding shell. Videos very helpful in explaining concepts!
Assignments are repetitive and little bit hectic to write code. Please improve that otherwise lectures are great with good explanation.
Weird issue on last assignment but other than that amazing. Python was broken down so much you'll feel like a master after every video.
Wished there was a bit more material. I guess it would be a really good course for a beginner with absolutely no programming knowledge.
Well structured! In the HTML version of the book are some type errors (escaped characters), please correct them to help others. Thanks!
Good course. Only I would like to suggest that after a quiz is submitted there should be an option to see what the correct answers were
Basic course, if you already have programming notions, this course might not be necessary. The teacher is very good and good exercises.
Excellent intro to python.  I learned the basics and I believe that future classes can enhance my execution of Python for data science.
For a beginner the course is really well designed in order to learn aspects of programming in python with logical quiz and assignments 
the explanation was the exception, but the only thing lacking was that professor should have used the text editor to explain the code.
The content of the course is good. If they provide more examples and exercises for the learners, we may learn the things more clearly. 
I found the course good for me. As a starter, I feel little difficult in week 6 and 7 to write program. Otherwise, its absolutely fun.
This course is a good way to learn python. I enjoyed very much this course and the Dr.Chuck is a wonderful teacher! Thank you so much.
The course material is good and well organize and  DR you do a good job and i have so much of fun to learn and go through this course.
It's getting a little bit sophisticated in the last two sections of this course. Reading books prior to lecture is highly recommended.
This course is appropriate for those who do not have any basis on Python. Easy to understand, but in my personal view, it is too easy.
This course is so very good for someone who has no coding experience at all. I am looking to learn python. I found this course useful. 
One thing I liked about this course is Chuck keeps us engaged in class room. Office hours and Bonus Chapters are very very interesting
I like it very much, I only had very basic knowledge on programming and still it was easy, could have gone a bit faster in some parts.
its very good for a beginner and a person who is opting to learn coding for the first time , the videos are explanatory and well made 
Great content ,anyone with an open mind to learn new things can confidently take this course.This course have a very good instructor.
I really enjoyed this course, can not wait to complete the rest of the series. I have learnt so much. I highly recommend to everyone. 
the best course for beginners, other than some of the assignments its very helpful for the beginners, and the instructor is too good. 
I'm basically a non- computer person. Still I had an interest to learn a programming pack. I find this course has served the purpose.
I  like the way u teach us,but regarding the assignment if get an error in the code it is just showing the pop without any clear data
The course materials are thoughtfully designed and presented.  Also, complex concepts are succinctly summarized in digestible chunks.  
It is very easy to learn and very easy to understand python3 with this course and I am extremely happy to learn this course from you.
Course ' Programming for Everybody ' is really helpful as a beginner in python.This will definitely help for further advance courses. 
A very good instructor, great for a beginner, however the curriculum could be more expansive and contain knowledge about more things.
Very easy to follow instructions and the structure of the course is very conducive for  anyone who has interest to learn programming.  
This course progresses extremely slowly but it covers the material as advertised. I recommend this to absolute programming beginners.
Very good but for the future I would suggest more interaction with mentors or teachers... maybe one hour Skype class per week for Q&A
Course doesn't go into details, but gives you enough tools to learn your way through with some references other than the course book.
Great course! Perfect for someone who has no prior experience in programming. Dr. Chuck explains every thing in a very lucid manner!
It is a really good course for beginners! Many concepts have been covered (at beginner level) and a good head-start for programming.
a course is going very good. i learn so much basics thing related to the python language. thank you for help in growing my knowledge
The course was a great learning experience. A few more assignments would have been more helpful in getting command over the language 
The instructor (Prof Charles Severance) made the videos quite easy and fun. I did not find anything dull and glad I took the course. 
Im really enjoyed this course and was easy to follow and permitted to give me the basic knowledge to start a new programming courses
Nothing to say about this course. Dr. Chuck is a good professor. He is awesome and the course is awesome too. Thank for this course.
Quite self sufficient. Easy to follow. Pace is fine but a little bit slow for someone with programming experience in other language.
Love this course, not only for learning Python, but also for the start programmers! The instructor just made the programming so easy
Course content was very simple which helps a new-bee to get acquainted with python in an easy manner. Professor Chuck is also great.
Great teaching by Dr. Charles Severance. He is too good is explaining things very simply. i had a great experience learning Python. 
There is something to improve ....the speed should be increased or the content of a video or full course should be more lengthy ...
Very explicit and I love the way Dr Chucks gives examples. Also the quiz will task you to understand the concept. A very great one.
This is the best course for beginner as well as advanced; because , Instructor made it each and every topic in easy way .Thank You.
Thanks you very much !!I learn basic of python  within a week ..!!because our mentor was good.he know how to have fun with studies.
The Teacher was very good, I felt connected with him in each video. Looking forward to doing more courses on python after this one.
Awesome programs, awesome staff, and very easy to understand videos and book! I couldn't have chosen a better course to start with.
its a startingpoint for me to learn the programing language to use it in my filed... why don't you try to apply it in your filed.. 
very intersting programme really got to learn basics of python though belonging from a non coding background. very helpfull course
The COurse is good, please include more in part 1 of the course, only loops and some functions in 7-week course doesn't work well.
Actually, I had some programming language (C language) and this course was a smooth transition to Python. Recommend it as a start!
good course for someone who is not familiar with programming and wants to learn python. Gonna recommend this course to my friends. 
In depth introductory course, deviling into understanding and utilizing python and basic programming as well as how it is written.
Awesome intro course. Multiple simple assignments rather than a few big assignments every week would make this course even better.
A very nice course for the beginners, and hats off to the professors teaching this course from the basic fundamentals. I loved it.
The Professor is amazing and easy to follow. I really learned a lot! I just wish there were more practice problems in the course. 
Nice Course. Dr. Chuk is an amazing man. Though I knew all the basics of python still I lived it. The pace could be a bit faster.
The course is great for real begineers. To me, as an engineer who had taken programming lessons previously, it has been too easy. 
It is good course for someone wo had not done Python programming,  there should had been more challenging examples or assignments 
Its pretty good for people starting with programming, but little slow who already know programming and want to learn python only.
A very good course and the professor has really good communication skills. Must for anybody who wants to get started with python. 
oh my god this is excellent, course if you need a clarity on python and ive personally gained the confidence, i can code too.... 
Straightforward beginner Python tutorial. I highly recommend this course for anyone that needs a brush up in Python programming.  
This is very basic course in python I think  that at least some more data type like List , Dictionary must include in thi cours.
The course instructor is excellent, 4 Star because course structure is too easy for those who know another programming language.
the course was really good and the process of incorporating quiz and online code programming made the course more entertaining . 
My experience in learning the topics included in this course was good. I was splendid with way of explanation of the instructor.
The first 2 weeks become kind of boring and instead of motivating. Rest is easy to understand but still covers only very basics.
Some explanations are a bit redundant and stretched out, but overall a wonderful course, great teacher and interesting matierial
amazing journey and i have learn many new things about python,thank you coursera for providing such platforms for keen learners
Good content, really fun and nice professor, Good or people really starting off with Python. The tools provided are also great.
I liked the course very much. The way Dr.Chalres taught was ver good.Now I have developed interest in Python.Thank you coursera
The course was really well structured and easy to follow. The professor obviously enjoys teaching materials are easy to follow. 
Generally, it is a very approachable book for beginners but I would expect more since quizzes and assignments are bit too easy.
This is a very good introductory course in Python, and programming. If you are new to both, I definitely recommend this course.
A very interesting and clear intro course to learn Python. The textbook is really easy to understand, so as the online lecture!
Breaks down material in an easy to understand manner and makes effective use of technology to administer exams and assignments. 
very interesting, easy to learn though you might have challenges if you are new to programming. but its not bad at all, try it!
A great and easy introduction that does not scare away a newcomer.   Learn at your own pace and then enroll in the next course!
The course was well curated till the end.However, the assignment questions were sometimes not in line with the contents taught
A very detailed and explanatory course for a beginner. If you really want to get started with python, this is your first step.   
Very good starting point to learn Python! Dr. Chuck helps with very good examples, so easy to follow and good course materials 
This is a good introduction to both computer programming and python for students who have little to no experience with either.
This is the first course I would start before anything... This is what I was looking for as a complete very beginner course...
Would love to see more assignments or practice exercises that do not count towards grade to help especially in the loops part.
Pretty good intro, you can kind of use the exact same code on each homework though. So there is not as much learning going on.
7 weeks done in a day ... this was REALLY for beginners. You might want to highlight it a little more.Let's see the next one !
very good lectures and even fun. the tool is extremely useful.more feedback and assistance would generally improve the quality
Well this course is remarkable and helps me to refer each and every module  of this course so thoroughly. Thank you again  Sir
The program was very Intresting  and the instructor had tried his best to gain the attention from the student towards python.
I don't like the open-source tool in this course. As we cannot write "Pay" in place of "pay". It shows output does not match.
Always leave room for improvement, hence 4 stars... but I really should not know what to improve ;-) Total fan of Dr. Chuck!!
Awesome intro. . wish the lectures weren't so slow.  many points could have been made much more concisely.  great foundation.  
Amazing help from the Professor. Great help for beginners and it opens a new perspective and insight into intuitive learning.
Very Good Overview of the basics of Python. I would recommend to anyone who wants to learn the how to start coding in Python.
The course is great so far. However, i'm facing technical issues with the auto-grader and with using the phython tool online. 
I have experiences associated python from this course. Teaching is very satisfied.I am very happy for attending this course.
It is good course for beginners in programming field. Hope that Dr. Chuk comes up with an in depth python programming course
Perhaps this course could have been more resourceful, but I understand this is intended for just a brief interview of python
It was very good I mean the flow with which it was delivered was outstanding except the assignment was not that challenging.
The course is very helpful for the newbies who don't know how to code in python.Thank you for helping in python programming.
examples for excersice 4.6 wasnt enought.i needed to research a lot to complete that part. i sugest more videos on that part
The course is great and Dr Chuck is just awesome though I really wanted it to be more challenging to develop powerful skills
I am lucky to have some knowledge of programming so this was a very quick way to start learning python. Good course. Cheers!  
Good for people new to programming but a bit slow pace for me. Look forward to the next course covering rest of the chapters
loved the way of teaching, I already have programming knowledge and the ways instructor delivered is fun to watch and learn.
Mr. Chuck knows his material and constructed a course widely. You won't be regret learning Python from Mr. Chuck. Good Luck!
Good for people new to both python and programming in general; not particularly useful if you have any experience of either.
It's a good course, but sometimes I hava problems with web-bags (my information - actions) were unavailable or didn't update
Very informative, clear and concise. Easy to follow and the videos, excersises and the quizes are structured in a great way. 
Great introductory course for programming in general (if you're familiar with other languages you should skip a few videos).
The course is too easy if you know any programming language, but I think that it is very helpful for newbies in programming.
i definately learn some new skill with this course, the course is absolutely very relevant  and  enhance my learning  skill 
It was a wonderful experience to learn programming to python from an international university. I really enjoyed the courses
Amazing and Wonderful course . The instructor really is professional but the speed of imparting knowledge is a bit faster .
This course is suitable for everbody as name of it.When you have finished this course,you will be confident in programming. 
this corse is very useful for bigners as the prof. teaching style is very east understand and cover mostly realated topics.
This course will help you understand the basics of python very comfortably. I would suggest the aspirer opt for this course
I definetly recomment this course as a start point: very interesting course material, good teacher. There is all you NEED!! 
Explanations are clear to understand.Feels more confident after completing course 1. Hope will be more in upcoming courses.
This course is really good for beginners to start with , covered the very basic things one needs to learn basic programming 
The practice questions could be a bit more challenging but the videos are easy to understand and follow, even for a newbie.
Over All great experience the one thing is suggest is to add more difficult problems at the end of each concept to test it.
Great course. Really enjoyed learning Python fundamentals. More exercises should be included as part of assignment. Thanks!
Great course, up to its name! I think literally anybody can follow what the teacher says with a little bit of resilience!!
A good course and  if you never had done a coding,Then please take this course and will definitely motivate you for coding
Very Good explanation by the tutor, but there is one request from me that please include python data-types in this course. 
Its of course a good and resourceful tutorial for beginners. Hope u guys will meet what u want in your achieving goals....
Too Simple, it is good for people who knows nothing about coding.... not for people who want to work on it as a career....
Couple assignments are harder than lectures, which get challenging and frustrating(esp for beginners). In general helpful! 
It was good. Forums were annoying because no one responded to my questions but overall the videos were easy to understand.
A very good course to introduce the fundamentals of both Python and programming in general.Wish I had a teacher like this!
The course is designed well for beginners. However there are a lot of issues with the auto grader which needs to be fixed.
Some of the lectures could be a little more direct.  Some of the examples/ exercises could could be more concise.  Thanks!
Very basic level but the professor manages to keep lectures interesting and later courses get more challenging and useful. 
Good intro to Python - very instructive videos especially on the installation and actual implementation/use of the program
its fantastic course for beginner because even i am from mechanical branch and i also understand the basic of programming
In this course the teacher explain every basic concept and it is a better choice who want to beginning in python language
I enjoyed the course and it gave me great insights regarding python language, and I am becoming more fluent in the lingo.
Really good study and practical materials I really liked it.It would've  been better if the autograder works correctly .!
Good course well conducted.Assignment is too stringent in checking code , it should be very flexible specially 5.2.Thnks
very nice course and extra stuff was also provided like books and the interviews with other tech people, i enjoyed them.
if you provide more deep knowledge on python with examples then it will be so great..Thank you so much to the Professor.
The duration is too long according to the syllabus;  The certificate does not mentions the duration of the course. :((((
Very educative and please watch the videos he explains the topics better in those videos.  Secondly, he is never boring. 
I would love to see more emphasis on the syntax of the language from where colons should be used to "try" then "except".
Pretty good beginner course but doesn't go deep enough. Hopefully the next courses in the series are more informational.
It's really for people without any programming background. To me, as an experienced programmer, it's not concise enough. 
Great course delivery and loved the extra videos, however as an experienced java developer I found the course too basic.
This is the best platform to learn .assessments and quiz helped alot to gain knowledge.the way of teaching is very nice
Its Fantastic Course for beginners who want to learn python language. The video lecture aur smooth and easy to capture.  
Had Great learning Experience of python. Course content the great explanation of concepts explainedwell in easy manner,
it was a good experiecne learing my 1st programming language. Though it's the half part I've learnt but really enjoyed.
This course is very helpful for beginners and if you know the basics of python then try with intermediate level course. 
This is a great course. Professor Chuck did a great job. The shortcoming of this course is the lack of exercise problem 
I really liked the lecturer the only missing thing was the gap between the lecture content and exercise for a beginner.  
It was a pretty good beginner course.I wish the difficulty level of the course and the quizzes should have been harder.
Excellent way to start learning Python. Course focuses on the fundamentals of programming as well as syntax for python.
A very good explanatory by Dr Charles severance about Python Introduction course with tips and tricks taught very well.
This course is great for programmer newer, but I just complete this course to get the certificate for the last project.
very basic course. Easy for a bit experienced programmers but I know this is meant for someone who is just starting out
Easy to follow, and the Dr Chuck is quite interesting. However, the pace is a little slow. Still a good course, though.
Great course for beginners in programming. Looking forward to the second of the series of Python specialization course.
it was good and fun course walk with you patiently and doesn't let sth small pass away .it was fun to take this course
the readings are easy and quiz also but those assignment problems are hard they jump you in without carrying your hand
This course overall was done fairly well, was easy to understand and broke down the core concepts very well. Thank you
It was a great experience to learn in this Coursera, and it is an excellent online platform to learn anything we want.
This course is great! I only gave it 4 starts because I think it goes a little slow but anyways, it is a great course!
for some reason or was not working in the python editor so copy pasting the code from atom text editor was not possibe
Professor Charles has explained each and every topic very well and I'm looking forward to do more courses in COURSERA.
sir we have lot of experience on this python course in coursera...thank you sir for providing such a amazing platform.
It was very informative.More of programming problems could have been given as an assignment and less of video lecture.
It is nicely structured and good flow for even novice to start. Hoping the advanced content will be in same easy flow.
It was a good course, it explains you the basic of python. I personally loved this course going slowly and thoroughly.
it is helped a lot to understanding  python language and I'm very thankful to coursera to giving  me this opportunity. 
I am just little bit busy now a days on my android work but its wonderfully organised and i will complete this program
I enjoyed the lectures and practice problems and now looking forward to tackle more challenging concepts and projects. 
A basic course for python learners, very suitable for those who know little about programming and want to get started.
It's a great course, although it should have exercises or examples with greater difficulty to make us think even more
How can I move to next course of this specialization?I have completed the first and now I want to move on to the next
A basic course in Python. Good for beginners. Since I have not new to programming, I completed the course in 6 hours.
I felt more confident after pursuing this course learnt few new things  but it should include more practice problems.
An such a  nice concept to learn a python programming language. it explains the basics of easy way of python programs
Gives a good grip on fundamentals of programming. Helped me understand programming and how easy it can be. Thank You.
It is one of the best courses to start with. The course content was very well presented and I loved learning from it. 
The Course was awesome although I felt it was bit too easy but apart from that I enjoyed the assessments and quizzes.
Well it's good beginners course, but i think you can teach more syntax and tools before heading into Data structures.
Well thought out sequencing of covered topics.  Decent incorporation of learned capabilities in subsequent exercises.
Absolutely wonderful class and wonderful instructor. If he were my professor,I would not listen to an online course.
It was a very interesting course. Exciting and productive one. Thank you Dr. Chuck. Cheers for Coursera. Thank you:) 
it was very good experience to learn programming language with real life  connected thing,thank you so much for that
it was really nice Learning and really had fun . Most beautiful thing about this course is the assignment and  quiz.
The course is great for beginners. I had a little knowledge of C beforehand, and I found this course to be too slow.
Everything about this course is perfect. But there could have been more number of practice problems for the students
firstly ii would like tell thanks to coursera  for providing this apportunity to me and this a gog contntable course
The course is very nicely paced for someone who wants to learn programming but has no prior knowledge or experience. 
Good course for the Basics, It is very simple and easy to understand even for a person who doesn't know programming.
Since i come from a programmer background i found it little slow.Where is "switch" statement? or "bitwise" operator? 
This is amazing course to learn programming. Even person from non programming background can get confidence at this,
Chuck is a very interesting lecturer and the material is very good, although the course is a little bit too trivial.
Great Work by Coursera Team and University of Michigan , Looking forward to complete entire specialisation course...
An easy and interesting introduction... but thing go very slowly if if already have few knowledge about programming.
this is so helpfull for the beginners to learn basics like syntax ,loops ,control statment etc..,easy to understand
This course really helped me alot in learning the python basics and also in writing the programs in python language
excellent learning experience with good basic foundation of python.Encouraged to go deeper in programming language.
In this course I was learnt how programming will be done and how keywords and syntax are used while doing the code. 
thank your sir for providing this course for coursera ..i dont know..it is very useful for us for doing coursera ..
The course is enriched with knowledge and most particularly to the point. No random and unexplained pointed taught.  
Its been amazing to know so many new things about python and I also learned various new things. thank you for that.
Very  Good Module structure everyone can understand the content. And learn Python Language. Best course for online.
Well course is good but it is very basics so you have to do more stuffs...but one thing you just getting started...
Great class.Wish there was more hands on assignments that slowly built up instead of lumping all together per week.
It was really nice because of the well explained contents. The way the teacher explained the course was really nice
A nice course for beginners. And what's better than get a certificate from one of top Universities in the world! :)
One of the best beginner course I've enrolled thus fur. Thanks to thy instructor who made this so easy and smooth.
Programming simplified !This course has taught me how to visualise a given problem in the way a computer reads it.
Very informative and educational, however on the practicals, a lack of reference examples held me up considerably.
Great course! Dr. Chuck is a terrific instructor. I learned a great deal about Python basics. Ready to learn more!
Dear teacherFirst of all thanks for your beautiful job.I appreciate your hared work.RegardsAbu Sayem Md Habibullah
Nice onramp to programming, makes no assumptions about prior knowledge but does not treat you like a fool as well.
It's very easy in the beginning, maybe a bit too easy, but a great start if you are completely new to programming.
Overall i liked the course, but it was short, sometimes with barely any weekly content compared to other courses.
I really enjoy learning Python in this course. Looking forward to diving into a bit more advanced one. Thank you. 
If your about to start python from scratch but with zero programming experience, then it will be great kick start
it was great!!And the professor was really kind i will love to learn more programming skills from him..Namste Sir
The instructor is really very helpful and kept the course so interesting it was really a fun experience to learn.
Course material is taught very well. Instructor approaches the material in a very easy way for all to understand.
Best for beginners, but if you know something about Python and can write some of it, this is not suitable to you.
Very clear and helpful. I learned a lot. The only thing is that it could use more assignments, practice problems. 
A good review of the fundamentals of Python and allow learners to understand how it really works at the back end. 
For programmer who knows in advance a bit of syntax of python language .This course can be completed in few hours
I like very much the way for checking the code and the results, I would remove from the course al extra material.
This course is good for me, but I think you should give more exercises for each structure. Thank for your course. 
It was really useful and it was really for a beginner. Now i can explore more in Python. Assignments were useful.
Its a very wonderful course. very easy and simple explanation has been provided by the instructor of the course.
i typed the code in the assignment  correctly still it showed error sometimes but the overall course was helpful
This is obviously a great course for beginners. But, I wished more contents and in-depth knowledge about python. 
Could've been better if discussion includes some complex algorithms as examples. Assignments would've helped too
Easy to understand what have been taught under this first 5 chapters.  Keep continuing for next course for sure!
A very easy and understandable way of explaining things. Enjoyed these course from the very beginning to the end
very good for people don't know nothing of programming, a little boring to people know the basics of programming
It is good one. A beginner must try this. A little more exercise can be given for making learning better. Great.
I am very excited to learn this course in easy way which is probably learn some basics about python programming. 
The course was really helpful that it makes everyone to learn python who doesn't know anything about programming
the courese was awesome with the best explaination.the faculty teaching the course was the best i have ever met.
A great course and introduction to coding. It would be even better if there are more exercises to practise with!
Good course, but material was not particularly challenging. Hoping this ramps up as the certificate moves along.
An excellent introduction to programming.If you're already a programmer, you will find this class much too slow.
Had a very nice time learning Python and got a lot out of this course. Would definitely recommend for beginners. 
The course was nicely presented and the course material was lao quite good but the teaching speed was too slow.
Overall course has good value providing an individual new to Python to learn and understand key Python concepts
The course was very good and the content is also amazing. In this course the teacher meet my level of learning.
Good course for everyone with no experience with coding. I would give 5 start if there were more DIY exercises.
Very easy to jump in for someone who has never programmed before. A little slow for people who have experience.
Great course. Parts move a little slowly. That can be mitigated by fast forwarding through parts of the videos.
It is a good course for the people who are new to programming. The instructor is really intuitive and engaging.
Quick and simple, very easy if you have some knowledge of what you are doing.  Good if you are getting started.  
This is a very basic course. Recommended to those who doesn't know anything about python or basic programming.
Great introduction to Python but I definitely wish there was a lot more external exercises for us to practice. 
The course is good for the beginers still some more basics can be added. Otherwise its good starter for python
I had a great learning experience in this course.This course helped me a lot to enrich my knowledge in python,
good teaching and good material .and tests are also very content based.the assingments are also good designed. 
Course was good with basics. Best thing about the program is having videos of entrepreneurs, participants etc.
The course was very informative it brush up my all basic concept of pythonThanks ..for such a wonderful course
The course is explained very clearly so it is easy to understand.Thank you very much for providing this course
Mr. Severance was fantastic instructor. Course was fine but the tool box almost makes me cancer for few times. 
Good course to start with and the instructor makes the lectures quite involving and its actually fun to code .
I found this course good for beginners  and I wish to learn more things and training  for advanced programming
Very good course. But super short and basic. It really requires the rest of the courses in the specialization.
Rudimentary introduction of programming. Beginners would find this course very helpful in understanding Python
Great effort by the team of coursera and Dr. Chuck.I liked the simplicity of the course. Perfect for beginners
"Good Course for beginners,although students with little coding experience will find this course a little slow.
"
Very nice introduction but maybe a bit too verbose. The material could be covered within 1 week, instead of 7.
Excellent course! Everyone should take this course and try their hands on a great programming language -Python
The course is amazing and it is for absolute beginners anyone can learn it without having any prior knowledge
It was a wonderful experience as a beginner in python the course pattern is easy to understand and effective. 
The course is good for beginners.  I learned a lot from this course. Thanks, Coursera Team and Python trainer 
this is amazing course for freshers and who is new to programing thank you for providing this kind of courses 
Well crafted programming course with amazing assignment programs that for sure boosts your programming skills
It was really good. I learned a lot about the basics of programming language will be joining the next course.
I really enjoyed this while learning and practicing the code.it was amazing to solve quizzes and assignments.
the whole course was perfectly fine. just that there was no solution video for the last assignment. thank you
Really good course for beginners . helps to build basic concepts of python for further studies related to it.
It was interesting and awesome to study your course. Please provide much awareness of your presence.Thank you 
It was a good course but it was too easy . May be it is made for those having no prior programming experience 
Very easy to understand and methodical. A great introduction to programming and to online courses in general.
Good beginner course! For the content is not so intimidating for beginner to chicken out half-way. Thumbs up!
I hope some important data structures such as pointer, 2 dimensional array, etc. can be added to this course.
Good for beginners to programming. A bit slow if you already know programming, and just want to learn Python.
This course was excellent for the beginner.  A little more content for the length would have made it 5 stars.
the interactive way to build some simple automation scripts might increase focus and curiosity towards this.
i would like to say jupyter notebook should be used to make easier and lot of pratice coding should be given
This course is really interesting for me.....its really help me to develep my coding skills.....thank you...
Great start, but sometimes the tool was unable to understand another code that match to the problem planted.
prof. is great at teaching explain every term in program happy to do this and many more courses with cousera
It was an amazing experience with amazing and worlds best teacher.thank you for recruiting such best teacher
it was good ,felt so differently while learning it but actually to say ,over all it was a great experience .
Good class but a little bit easy. Could include more information and details.Professor Severance is amazing.
It is just too simple for somebody who knows coding. Content of this course is not enough for Python coding.
This course is good for a person who has no idea about programming.This course starts from the very scratch.
Really good intro course - very engaging instructor, one star down as I would have liked it have been longer
Good for someone who is starting to code. People who already know how to code in any language may skip this.
I thank coursera for this wonderful opportunity.This is a good course for learning basic concepts in python.
Very good for beginners. But please improve colors of flowchart, i can't see the text inside the flowcharts.
Very helpful in understanding basics of Python and easily as well as interestingly explained by the teacher
good course but it is mainly focused on basics of  programming. better to increase the depth in programming
The course was amazing and moreover, it is so much fun and easy to understand. Thanks to the Professor..!!!
For me getting started with python is excited.  video teaching is good and understandable finally i love it 
overall course was good. But there could have been more examples , different programmes and more assignment
GOOD COURSE TO START LEARNING PYTHON FROM BASICALSO HELPS TO LEARN OTHER PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES VERY EASILY.
It is a easy course ,In this course they teach us only basics and there assignments are so easy to complete
It was really interesting, i enjoyed learning a lot. Ill be completing all the other courses of Python too.
Mentor is really good, it would be more better if we can check the answer of the assignment intermediately. 
great teacher and a great platform to learn , even though not having resources offline. Thank you coursera.
This course is awsome. But there could be more practice exercises, that would be more awsome to learn code.
This Course is extremely basic but it is explained so well and has helped me refresh all the basic concepts
They videos were great, they definitely help me understand different concepts and how python actually work.
everythings good but python tool sucks especially indent problem. ( I programmed most of things on spyder.)
Some of the practices were a bit too easy. Should consider giving more practice and let ppl write more code
This course did the job of teaching me the basics of Python programming in a fun, exiting and engaging way.
Takes a bit of time to get into the nuance of Python if familiar with coding, but ultimately as advertised. 
Nice material delivery, but it is almost impossible to get help from assisting staff with your assignments
Very good step by step introductions.  Easy to follow. Good for people without any programming background.
It was a good  experience since this is my first course on coursera.I likely to engaged in another course.
It is a very good course, but if you are complete beginner to programming then it will definitely help you
it is a very useful course..and i am thank to coursera giving a very good platform to get the knowledge...
This is a good course but there should be still much of the contents so that students can learn more .....
could have explained better the following part*loops and iterationhad difficulty in solving assignment 5.2
I like the explanation behind functions, variables, arguments, parameters, etc. Provides the why with how.
This course was really good, but one thing that I didn't like is that there were few practice assignments. 
Wonderful open course, the teacher is a very humorous and skillful person, I want to continue the next!!!!
it was so helpful to learn python lunguage as beginner but assignment should be little more hard. thanks.
This course is good for beginners. The instructor has explained every topic in detail and in an easy way.
great for students learning the basics for the first time, would suggest teaching loops before functions.
Great course for beginners whose do not practiced Python before. Needs more exercises to master concepts.
For a course spread across 7 weeks it has relatively less amount of content. But the delivery is awesome!
Excellent first class for understanding Python. Charles is funny and takes his time through the material. 
A great course. I think more exercises to work on would be useful, but can probably find these elsewhere.
It was a good course to start at....looking with huge expectations at other courses in the specialisation
Very, very good intro course to Python!  A few bugs in submission software, but great experience overall!
There is more work that what the videos show, but the book and the curated notes are more than sufficient
beautifully taught :) thank you Sir. Also, if there were more assignments it would have been even better. 
Good course, but I think people should study each week without rush in order to really learn how to code
I really enjoyed the teaching style and the assignments, it made me program before watching the lessons. 
It was very useful. I am looking forward to learn more courses like these. The instructoe was too good!!
please make sure that more examples could be added before giving the assignments that would really help.
Need to increase the depth of the topic and add more assignments to do which can help us practice more.N
It was good being learnt from this course but I expected lot more stuff in deep about python programming
Good course overall.Great one to startoff.Good instructor,mentor,more of a friendly teacher.enjoyed it..
its really helpful to learn programming that to pythonbut i think...... need more examples in topic wise
Excellent! I love the course and will surely move forward with the next 4 courses in this specialization
I will say, this is an essential course you can gift yourself, if you are new to programming and python.
This course is so useful to learn about basic concept of python. Thanks coursera. and all teaching staff
A good course overall. The tutor could be more concise in the concepts. Overall very good for beginners. 
Rather easy. Maybe there can be a test before the course to see if the student needs to take the course. 
This is best course for beginners, who selects Python his/her first learning language. So keep learning.
I thought, I knew a bit of Python before enrolling into the course however ended up learning a lot more.
Its a good place to start. I appreciate this community for giving me a chance to have an accomplishment. 
I was hoping to get more on  function and array based operations in the tasks.But all in all it's great!
really great course for beginners,for the people who have already learnt programming it's a great recap! 
Good for most entry-level. For people who already have a basic knowledge of the course will be very easy
I thought of that the first two weeks in this course is boring....and the rest is great and informative
It is a well managed course and is taught beautifully.But it should have been promoted On linux system. 
its very pleasure to being a part of this course .And i gained some experienced from this course again.
The course is good but not for the people who already know programming , good for the beginners though.
Best course to begin your programming with. Kick start the beginning of your new path into programming.   
Basic/beginner python syntax and coding elements. FYI: More work needs to be done to become proficient.
Professor is very detailed and clear in every lecture. I would highly recommend this class to my peers.  
Very good for beginners. People who doesn't know anything about programming will be able to learn fast. 
Course is great, but the platforms has some bugs, which is very annoying when you are completing tasks.
Good course for begginers but quite boring for those who know programming in language other than python
It is very good for beginners. Material and "Bonus " Videos were adding more information to the course.
Laudable the Creative Commons approach and the material was quite all right. Keep up the wonderful job!
It's really very good in understanding the codes in easier manner . So I hope this course has given it
the course was good but more questions should be given in video as examples as to make concept strong.
Los ejercicios de el aplicativo no eran muy claros. Tampoco orienta al estudiante a corregir su error.
I learned about Python language with greatfully.courser is the one of best platform for online courses
Great course! Highly recommended to those who are new comers in this coding universe or python family!
It was a great experience to complete this course. Thanks to the instructor specially, he was amazing.
I wish it had more assignments and competitive level coding, but is still had a far better experience.
Very nice for total beginner at coding. I've already recommended this course to my friends. Must learn
I found found this helpful and I learned a lot from this course now I am able to write codes in python
The way of teaching and explanation was fabulousquizzes and assignments are good!!Thanks to "Coursera"
"Great course, this is the first course I actually finished.
I hope It will help me in the near future. "
Very easy for matlab-user. The detailed instruction and slow pace would be quite friendly to starters.
very interesting and challenging, though the mentors were very quick to respond to queries! thank you.
More coding exercises, as optional for example, would be nice. Otherwise good course and guide videos.
It's a helpful course for beginners to startr with programming. It's thorough and explained properly. 
I have learned a lot about python programming. It is really a very helpful course.Thank you Coursera.
It took me one night to complete this course. I am sorry to say but it was really for beginners only.
Course was helpful in understanding fundamentals and basics of programming as well as python language
The most useful course for the future scope.tooand for the beginners it is week understandable course
it 's a nice experience with a python. i have learned a much better and i likes this course,thank you
Amazing course and use of auto-grader environment will surely enhancing the learning of the learners.
The concepts are vey good from a begineer point of view and the tutor made them fun to grasp as well.
a great course for a beginner but could have further described other topics as well on a basic level.
I liked very much the instructor and the content of this course, but I think it needs more exercises.
It is great experience of mine. Thank you so much to provide us a wonderful  plate form for learning.
it was very good, hes giving too much details in each chapter which is not required but still love it
Very useful course. A bit slow for people who has some computing background. But definitely recommend
Assignments are really very usefull,and the videos are clearly understandable it can be of more depth
Good courser to get started with the basics of programming and from here spring board to other areas.
Excellent course, maybe a bit more exercises (or at least links to sources) would make it more useful
Really good class and pretty easy to follow. I do wish some of the assignments had more explanation.
A very good course for beginners. Highly recommended if you want to learn the basics of programming.
this course is quite good to know the basics of python programming. i enjoyed learning it.thank you.
It was a good experience to learn Python programming. Thanks for providing us such a great platform.
This course was quite helpful in understandings basics of python from scratch.  I really enjoyed it.
Really had a good experience in learning and brushing up the basics it was really an helpful session
The course had a very smooth upward learning curve whilst providing slightly challenging assignments
good course I will recommend to my friends also. I learn the fandamentals of python from this course
A great introduction. A few too many idiomatic expressions and trick questions, but I learned a lot. 
I go to learn lot of programming concept, the instructor was very involved in the course. Thank you.
Excellent introduction to programming Python. The course layout, pace and instruction are well done.
This is a very good course I swear. Very practical and good explanations from the teacher. Thank you
Its good for the beginners, but it would best if you keep the advance level of python programming.
personal recommendation for all the beginners out there trying to gain basic knowledge of  python3.
It was a good experience , and this course helped me very much and cleared a lot topics , thank you
Great experience with this course.I have now sort of getting knowledge of this python programming .
its better if you start with the simply questions for an assignment and slowly increase the level.. 
I'm BEING very glad for UoM , that they thought me python ,and they make me UNDERSTAND the basics .
nice coursework to start basic of pythons. instructor is damn cool and teaching style is impressive
Very nice and knowledgeable instructor but that's really a beginner of a beginner kind of course...
It is just part 1 of 5... unfortunately we can just do part 1 for free. Not very useful in this way
here from this course i have studied basic python programming,so it is a very interesting to learn.
in my opinion there should be more ,smaller, and less complicated assignments with the grading tool  
Good course, learned a lot. The assignments and quiz helped me to grow more and enjoy the language.
you can add one chapter in it where there are all keywords because all keyword are not explained it 
t is difficult for foreigners to understand what is needed in Chapter 2. I still have this practice
Well paced, well explained. The only bad side I found, was the lack of a solution to the exercises. 
Dr. Chuck makes the material simple and easy to understand.  The course material is well done, too.
This is an awesome and excellent course for beginners(who are passionate about python programming). 
Good course. I am a novice, but not a completely blank slate. So I learned mostly about the syntax.
It's very good course for beginners, simple and clear. But sometimes the 'play ground' works weird.
The course was interesting, excellent examples and very nice as an entry-level programming lecture.
Great course - I like the short book chapters and short videos. Looking forward to the next course.
Great into course to Python. The assignments tool can be a little buggy sometimes but overall great
Very good for beginners but if you have prior experience in programming. this course is NOT for you
Nice starting point. Professor often gets over excited with the marker ,  obliterating the slides.
Add other things in course related Python...like classes and objects, file handling and so on.....
As we chase the end difficulty level of exercises and number of assingments provided are very less
Easy and nice for quick learning. Maybe the assignments should be made more challenging. Liked it,
very good and easily understandable concepts .thankyou for providing me such important knoweledge.
It is really helpfull to achieve My career goal and also thanks for dr. Chuck to your instruction. 
i felt the teaching was very fast for a beginner to understand !! but it was an informative course 
the teaching method of the teacher is really funi just think the lectures were too short sometimes
its a very good practice for me in these lock down days.I am utilizing my time in a efficient way.
I learned a great deal in this course and hopefully, it will keep me motivated to learn even more. 
A great introduction that teaches the principles and foundation of programming simply and clearly.
Great tempo, explanations, and exercises....To give 5 starts, I would have liked more assignments.
Some of the coding exercises have mistakes in them. Other than that, a great course for beginners.
I've learnt something new in programming. Hope to get a greater in-depth with Python programming!
I really loved this course.Through this course I am able to learn new things.Thankyou so much....
Interesting course, but I think it will be even better if there are more assignments to practice.
This was a good revision course for me as I had started with the basics a bit before this course. 
It is an excellent course for beginners.If more problems are added to this course.It would better
The program is very informative for those who want to start from scratch with very good Guidence.
From this course i learnt several basic about the python and the tutor of this course is awesome.
This is one of the nice course.Mainly professor is very experienced dedicated with good examples.
programming for everybody (in python) is my first step towards programming this course is awesome 
The course definitely covers the basic aspects of Python programming language with great details.
Very basic, could be a bit more informative but in general I will definitely recommend to friends
Very very basic intro course... Great for students new to programming without a C, C++ background
Excellent technique to clear up basics of programming and how the code works at the system level.
Useful for Beginners! Maybe a bit slow for people with experience in other programming languages.
I really liked it. The optional videos are a little extra but the content of the course is great
It was fantastic experience of learning Python. I was doing coding first time and enjoyed a lot.
Nice start to the world of programming with python, and loved the frank nature of the professor. 
it was a great course but the forum that helps with doubt wasn't fast but the teaching was great
Thank you for using simple language . It was very easy to grab the basic understanding of python
very good experience, but not good interface in mobile app while submit programming assignments.
pretty much informative and a great start for people wanting to enter in the data science field.
it was a nice experience to learn from coursera now the concepts about python get more cleared .
Great tutorial and explanations. Would be better if have more algorithm questions for practice !
It is a good introductory course, but more complicated parts of python could be covered as well.
If you have any previous experience in coding, choose a harder course. This one is really basic.
perfect start to learn python.but it could have made even better instead of dragging the lecture
Nice introduction to Python but might be a bot too basis for those already familiar with Python.
it is better to read the notes after completing the course and getting the full knowledge on it
It was indeed a satisfactory course.Those who want to learn python from scratch can opt for it.
That was brilliant course to learn python from beginning level. Great Instructor, great course. 
thank you sir for start the python from the basic. this course cover basics of python language.
It is an absolute gem for students who are going to start their journey to the world of python.
Very interesting lecture for Beginners. I really enjoyed my learning. Good learning experience. 
I had prior programming  knowledge but still i learnt so many new basic skills from this course
its really easy to understand what professor want to tech us and learned and enjoyed the course
The teacher explains everything very well, personally i'm missing (some) excercises to practice
Great course, would like to see more assignments and/or examples to really cement the learning.
All-around a well explained course. Loops was a bit fast (both in material and speaking videos)
really good, great for beginners, need to get rid of slides with white text on green background
I highly recommend this course to anyone who loves to learn python.Great learning experience !
Thanks..! for giving such a wonderful course. I learned lot of about Basic python programming. 
over all course is good .But, in some programs "lists" has used without discussing it before .
Very informative course, especially for all beginners starting to learn programming languages.
i had learned basics of python .I think this is the good way to learn and im benefited by this
The course is very useful for student who want to go with python.But it is only for beginners.
Good basic introduction, pace of videos a little slow but perhaps ideal for beginners like me!
This is the basic but starts giving you good practice and building on to what you have learned
Its a wonder full class. Its a grate way to start learning and understanding python language.
Good course and material . Grate explanation so did not feel any pressure. I like this course
Enjoy a lot, thanks Mr.Chuk for ur wonderful presentation...hopefully see u in the next class
Great ContentThe professor teaches really well More coding programs can be given for practice
good course for learning the logic of programming but it's need some small project in the end  
nice it taught me and helped me in learning basics of python and made me confident in basics.
Great course for a first time Python user! Very simple if you have coding experience, though.
Very good for absolute beginner programmers. And can be finished in one or two days actually.
Need more grammar and also the hard assignment to think more but I really learn a lot thanks.
I really enjoyed to follow this course. I recommend for everyone who are starting with Python
Very straight-forward and easy to understand, especially for those without coding experience.
It was good but sometimes I was thinking that some of the aspects could be explained quicker. 
A bit too easy for a person who has used python a bit before. Otherwise, fun and interesting. 
It's too easy! I know this is a beginner course, but in my opinion, it's too easy and slowly.
Good to start learning python from scratch. The Bonus Video are Awesome. I Loved this course.
I liked the course quite interesting but basic overall i enjoyed the quiz and the interview.
would be more efficient if more topics would have been covered instead of big video lectures
Good Python course for beginners.Materials are perfect to learn. And good teaching mathology 
its a very good course for beginners who are into python and doesnt have any basic knowledge
Excited to learn basics of Python in this course. Expected more depth in the course syllabus
all are good sir but we cant able to catch your speed sir so i kindly request to tell slowly
Really good introductory course, but I think it would be better if it were more challenging. 
This course is easy to understand Python program and Professor's explain is really wonderful
Great course! Some concepts not fully explained but if you use logic, you can figure it out. 
IMHO perfect teaching content, but just missing a little bit more complex practice exercises 
Excellent introduction to the Python language.  Looking forward to apply what I have learnt.
I suggest this course for beginner students, mainly those don't basic kwonledge in computer.
This is a nice introductory course to programing with good foundations to continue learning.
Very interesting course, linear with a good teacher.i would have liked to do more exercises.
Had great time in learning python. Loved the way Dr. Charles Russell explains the concepts. 
I just took a coursera platform as a opportunity to learn a python language. It was so good
It would be awesome if the concept of Generators be included in the chapter about functions
excellent course to start learning python, the logic behind everything is explained as well
The course was amazing, looking forward to enroll in the next one under the specialization.
Professor Charles is a great teacher.My concepts of python are pretty strong and clear now.
I have the amazing experiance with this course also the teacher is also so much interesting
Perfect Course for Beginners. More assignments would have been a bonus!! Loved the classes.
Some of the lectures were a bit too informal to my taste, but still got the messages across
It will be nice to add some more extra exercises with a complete guide in the wiki section.
Really enjoyed the classes and Professor Chuck teaching method is fun as well as efficient!
Enjoyed, enjoyed the insights from lecturer and bonus interviews.  Content all had purpose.
Excellent course . One can easily learn basics of Python programing from this MOOC course.
Great introductory course. Although I recommend the course have more interactive practice. 
Please enroll in this course and especially if you are a complete beginner to programming.
Its absolutely comfortable platform to learn new things about.its really helpful.thankyou!
Really great experience undergoing this course which covers basics with some good examples
very nice course and content I have learned many new things in a different way here thanks
Fantastic - i liked the content and especially the bonus content after each weeks content.
Good intro course.  set realistic expectations for someone who has never done this before. 
It was fun learning python, and proffesor russell more ihelpful with teaching experiance.
Very fantastic beginners course for python learning, i surely recommend this to everyone.
a very good course for beginners . it has helped me a lot in understanding python basics. 
This is my outstanding course. And this is a very helpful for a computer science student.
Last assignment was little bit tough. I would have enjoyed if there where more like that. 
A good course to overcome the fear of Python and establish a strong base in the language.
Good course. I expected more assignment questions, but no other comments apart from that.
A very good introduction. I would have liked to carry on and learn some more about th OOP
Very manageable for beginners, appreciated the depth of info and the help of the mentors.
very informative course that enables you to start python programming without any problem.
that's very good step at this course the course give me the principals of python language 
Basic stuff. The professor seemed amicable and his manner of teaching was understandable.
Pretty well laid out. My only regret is that I can't even access assignments without pay.
A bit easier if you know a bit about programming, pretty recommended if you know nothing.
Good material and funny professor makes it easy. However, assignments are a bit too easy.
Course for beginner to study Python.Thank you professor Severance with exellent lectures!
You have to be extremely unfamiliar with programming to stay interested at the beginning.
It is a good course to begin with your python journey. But 'miles to go before I sleep'.
Very Good Course and Explanation From Faculty is Excellent.The Way Of Teaching Is Great.
if you are a beginner ,you will get a pretty good idea about programming.really helpfull
it was  really a great experience and i will make sure improve my further in this course
It is very useful course for absolute beginner programmer,and way of teaching is amazing
just add more weeks and programming things in it . It's a very fruitfull course although
VIDEO STUDY MATERIAL IS BEST WITH GOOD EXAMPLE , BUT AUTO GRADER IS NOT SO WELL WORKING.
You didnt talk about list and few more things which should have been covered here itself
this is a awsome classroom. anywhere i can learn and the videos connect with the student
This is a very good course. I get to know very much about Python as well as programming.
i m a java developer, i went for just went to this course to just watch and i was glued.
MORE CONTENT REQUIRED.MORE PROGRAMS AND AT LEAST TRY TO INCLUDE 1 HIGHER LEVEL QUESTION.  
A coherent and lucid course. Dr. Severance, you sir, are an amazing, amazing instructor.
Very good but basic introduction to programming. Loved it, completed it in about 3 days.
Great course by Dr. Chuck I would personally recommend everyone should take this course.  
For very beginners, not just in Python but in programming. Apart from that, nice course.
The python interactive tools work best on chrome don't try on firefox it kills your time
Great course - too many videos though. Final exercise (5.2) could be implemented better.
Great introduction to python.A bit long if coming from other languages but still useful.
Had no pre knowledge for languages. Coursera is preparing me for the cutting edge world.
Amazing content and very interactive. I feel motivated to take more courses on Coursera
More examples could have been told, also assignments and tests could have been tougher.
Very Introductory class.  Great for beginners.  Could have been covered in shorter time
Can explain the content with examples before an assignment. Else, everything is perfect
coursera is very good online learning course.i am very happy to learn python programing
It was an amazing experience with Dr.Chuck to  start learning  Python from very basics.
Nice course for the beginners. Pretty  Good instruction from Charles Russell Severance.
Good platform for beginners in Python.Quizes and assignment was appropriately designed.
It was very useful for beginners to learn python. Concepts were explained  very clearly
This course really helpful for new programmers. Gives very good basics for programming.
It was a fun course. Got to learn new things and now I have better insight into python.
Its a very nice course..It would have been much better if we had more examples to solve
GREAT tutor and love the ability to skip to relevant parts in the video using the text!
useful, but it goes a bit fast. so need time to study on your own to  absorb new things
A great introduction to the Python language, I enjoyed both the book and the instructor
Bit basic for people who already know c or any other language but it is still effective 
It is a great course for begginers, even if you do not have any programming background.
it's a really good course for the people who have totally no background of programming. 
Easy, so it's for everybody, you name it! But a little bit too easy, let's leap a head!
everything was pretty understandable.....and i learned a lot from it.....thanks a lot.
it wasa great experience to learn a language and try to test the compter potentials :)
this is well opportunity for start learn python ,as well as basic programming concepts 
some times code not taking on assignments only difference on captial and small letters
It's a good course fr python beginners and the instructor Mr. Chuck is also very good.
Overall a good course take. Good content. Won,t get bored by it. Will learn new things 
excellent course with excellent instructor, helped in learning new and valuable things
Some of the codes are working on command prompt, however not working on coursera tool. 
I am very happy to be able to finish this course, well explained with humor especially
A good basic Python course to start with. It was explained in a good way by Dr.Chuck..
Quite simple and straight to be objective: to get started with Python and programming!
It was a great experience for learning python. well designed course for the beginners.
Assignment questions are a bit obvious. A little bit difficult questions would be nice 
Very difficult last weeks but awesome content and a great way to get started on Phyton
With this course i found about exceptional programming skillsthanks dr chuck severance
Course was clear.. and was technically designed to make it easy for a new learner also
Very nice learning experience. Everything was being taught from scratch. Loved it!! :)
Good introductory course. Probably add more (optional) exercises to help get practise.
Good course and intro to Python. Coupled with Codeacademy.com it has been fairly easy. 
Some more auto graded coding exercises would be very helpful.Thank you for the course!
A very decent primer for everyone new to programming or dusty on a different language.
Good course for everyone who want to start python programming and learn coding skills
It is a good course, especially for those who do not know anything about programming.
Course doesn't let you finish in its entirety. Week two is always marked as complete. 
the courses are well organised and contets are good. the teaching method is also good
Very interesting course on python.I would recommend it for first time users of python
This course is great to begin for everybody with no experience in programming at all!
Concepts are well explained with ample opportunity to practice what you are learning.
Great course, excellent teacher. I would recommend any alternative to the autograder. 
the course is ok . its not upto the extent,but  for the beginners its somehow useful.
Some things were a little confusing towards the end but overall it was a good course.
This course is very useful for the beginners. Hope to explore more in the next course
This Course is a nice way of getting started in Python!!! recommend it for every one.
Good starting python course. Easy to understand examples and well thought out videos. 
This course has contributed to helping me develop the confidence required to continue 
This is a good class, and I got very used thanks Dr. chuk and university of Michigan
A very good beginner course.  The teacher explains everything clearly and thoroughly.
Very nice course and Dr. Chuck has a way that is making complex things seems so easy.
Good and easy to understand  but the assignments for every topic should be increased
Good to be part of Coursera online courses and learn a lot about python and its use.
Good elementary intro. Excellent commentary by Guido, the founder of Python himself.
it is better platform python for begginers i think so hope u ppl njoyed the lectures
good course .It will be much better if it also cover some of the libraries of python  
Really great course, to clear your programming basics as well as python fundamentals
It was a very good course for beginners. My only complain was it is just a bit slow.
It is easy to understand for a basic but keeping the phase constant at the same time
This is great start for beginner.Functions and indentation part was little confusing
Good foundation for Python language, not as in depth as I would have liked it to be.
Great instruction combine with inspiration. First smooth step to the technical world
this course is very interesting and knowledge full and it helps  me very much thanks 
The course content and the instructor is good. This course is really helpful for me. 
Very good course for beginners and learners of new programming language like python.
Good course for start and develop strong basic understanding of programming concept.
This course is amazing. Everything is understandable and the instructor is too good.
Course Instructor is good. He explained brief for every topic but content is to weak
Its a course that starts with basic stuff and teaches you the fundamentals required.
I liked the easy to follow instructions and the accompanying ebook and lecture notes
Fairly easy to follow. More examples and solved examples will be greatly appreciated
Very good course, easy to follow. It would be nice to see the code also in Python 3. 
yes,this course really helps the people with no knowledge of computer to do coding.
More than 1 solutions which give the desired output should be accepted for grading. 
I have a good experience learning Python here but more problem solving is required.
It's a great learning experience with Dr.Chuck. Looking for more interesting class.
Very good course.It will teach you a lot of basics of Python programming language .
A great course with a great instructor. would've been with more practice questions.
the course instructor was funny and knowledgeable, he made the ride easy for python 
Easy to follow videos provided the fundamentals required to complete the exercises.
The course was very good. But if Turkish language support, I would be very pleased.
Good course for a beginner like me.  However, some assignments are needed guidance.
A Good start to the language python. But can be improved with increasing exercises.
Fabulous Professor.Could have discussed more about Python as in in-depth knowledge. 
Good Course to get started for a new learner with or without programming background
Professor explained basics of programming very along with basic syntax's of Python.
course is suitable for elementary students who don't no anything about programming.
Excellent course structure. Very easy to grasp. Content is not too heavy nor blase.
Basic course to learn from the scratch or can be used as refresher. Really enjoyed. 
Very good introduction. Covers a number of concepts which give a strong foundation.
A solid beginners course, though the lectures could have been more direct at times. 
A great course with nice learning curve and assignments for practicing the concepts
A very good introduction to programming for the beginners. I really appreciated it!
very good course, python had very much significance in today's world.Thank You all.
It was a very good course and i could grasp a lot of information from this course.
very basic and simple, friendly for beginners, and contains many history of python
The fundamentals of Python programming is clearly explained with suitable example. 
This Course Is Quite Awesome The Way Of Explanation By An Instructor is Quite Good
It was very challenging for me but eventually succeeded worth the sleepless nights
An ideal course for the beginners in the lookout of starting their python lessons.
Trainer was lovely,was thoroughly funny. Learnt a lot about fundamentals of python 
Solutions and explanations for the quizes and assignment should have been provided
A very good introduction to the python language and basic programming fundamentals
This course is very well structured. One must join and learn the basics of python.
This is really a very nice course. All the material is good enough for a beginner.
This is very clear and explains to everyones understanding the workings of python.
tutors made really amazing effort to make such a difficult course to learn easily.
Great start to programming, really liked it!  LIttle pricey given the time length.  
Very clear, basic and organized course. It could be better to taught in python3 :)
In this course i get the basic knowledge of Python. I enjoy this course very much!
Great for getting to know not only about python but about overall programming too! 
This is a great course. The instructor explained very well right from the basics. 
Very basic course, but good for those who are unfamiliar with any sort of coding.
Could have better for those who already knew programming in a different language.
It is an excellent opportunity for Students to learn basic programming of python.
This courese I think is very good for the beginers to get to know what is coding.
The is really nice. But for beginners more assignments are necessary to practice.  
very effective teaching style,everything is online base..finally,thanks #coursera
Very nice and interesting explanations and teaching  which encourages learning ..  
Very interesting first steps in the programming world of Python ! Thanks a lot :)
more need to be add on this it is just the touch on the course but not basics too
This is very good for beginners and I enjoyed and learned a lot from this course.
assignments can be more than one question on some topic to reinforce the concepts
A well-curated course. especially those who want to get started with programming.
I really appreciated your course and i learned a lot from your course its awesome 
Very useful for a beginer. Would be great if it has more challenging assignments.
Enjoyed the course. Will probably move on to the next one. Excellent base course.
Theory is flawless. However, I would prefer more and more complex practice tasks.
It's quite clear for beginners, it's a good course for getting start with Python. 
Perfect for total beginners, a little bit longer for mor eexprerienced developers
my first online course, really friendly for new comers.intresting and informative
If this course could explain more details, and teach step by step will more help
the course for very informative for a person learning python for the first time,
It was awesome! I can't wait to take another class of Dr Chuck! Thanks a bunch:)
great experience with Dr. Chuck. good teacher indeed. takes interest in teaching
The course is good but there are issues with the assignments uploading to server
Course is quite good but the end assignment  of this course contain no solution.
first 3 week not even talk About  the course so you can skip that part of course
Lectures are very nice, comes to assignments are little bit easier than expected
These course programs have helped me a lot in my professional growth. I recommed
Great course to begin with. It surely will incline your interest in programming.
Good introductory course and easy to understand, can be completed within 2 days.
It's  simple but useful for someone who didn't study computer before this class.
Really great for beginners or people who want to clear their programming basics. 
Coursera is a great platform to learning programming skills....................
I was a wonderful time for me because I was not choked with a lot of new things 
thank you  for giving wonderful opportunityI can improve python language skills
This is wonderful course for beginners .It is easy to learn ,easy to understand 
A Great explanation of Python and good exercises to keep the students motivated 
Nice course. A decent start for anyone who wants to start programming in Python
awesome tutorial ,really helped me  overcome my fear of coding and other stuff.
Interactive learning. Learnt python basics in very easy way. Best teacher ever.
I have completed upto week two so far the the course instructor is very good...
I need a little more complex brain storming problems other than that it's great
Very good course to the beginners and very good explanation by Dr.Chuck  sir...
This was an amazing experience and i'm very happy to have complete this course.
its very easy and good platform to learn courses that are useful in near future
Great introduction to the python language.  The bonus "extras" were also great!
Wonderful course for beginners. Excellent methods by Dr.Chuck to teach newbies.
Very nice but must have included more videos and explained the course in depth.
In my view, this course may be too simple. but it makes sense for any beginner. 
This is the the one of the best course for beginner to learn programming easy ,
Very basic but good for people who don't have any prior programming experience,
Full of useful information and easy to follow, the concepts are well explained.
Really good introduction to programming. Suggested for all the beginners in CS. 
Well structured and easy to follow. Would be great if it is taught in Python 3.
Excellent first exposure to both Python 3.6 and On-Line College Courses.thx,JK
The instructor has awesome way of explaining which is very good for beginners.
This course is very basic.Good for those who has no previous python experience
Have a great experience . It helped me a lot. No regrets of taking this course
Excellent course for those even, who dont belong to IT/computer science field.
very good for beginners but too basic and i think more content should be added
I really enjoyed this course.for a beginner like me, it has been very helpful.
A course for programmers to quickly learn Python Basic constructs from scratch
Simple and Easy to Understand for the Beginners. Excellent work by the Faculty
it is good start into python for those already kmow other languages like c,c++
I learn very Useful tips and why use Programming?Learn Pyhton Basic to Advance
A perfect course for beginners, though the syllabus coverage can be increased.
Very good! Only I wish there were more activities to test my knowledge/skills.
Very interestingly taught by the instructor. Most recommended for beginners :)
It helps to learn the basics well, it will be good if I had a lot of exercises
It pretty much deals with the basic functions and loops with exciting examples
Got going a bit quick toward the end there. But it was a nice intro to Python!
It helped me  a lot in learning about the basics  of python.It is nice course.
It is a really good course ,it helped me in setting basic foundation of python 
It was a great course that introduce people like me without coding experience. 
Great course and awesome lecturer.Only thing I felt missing is more exercises.
Excellent explanations, great ways to learn and pratice what you have learned.
Feel the instructor is good but sometimes is difficult to follow his lectures. 
The programming assignments need to be more challenging and have more variety.
at the end professor went a lil faster like he shifted from first gear to 3rd
Great for beginners.Could not re-submit the peer graded assignment if failed.
The course was awesome.i love the way  proffesor was teaching.Overall awesome 
This course is suit with people who don't have any prior knowledge on coding. 
that's just good enough to begin, should be more descriptive about the syntax
great platform for the beginers , and place to get more confidence on basics.
nice opportunity to learn online and gaining knowledge.. easy to learn Python  
The course was quite good . Everyone can easily understand and implement it .
GOOD ONE TO LEARN FROM BASICS , IF IT IS LITTLE MORE DETAILED IT WILL BE GOOD 
Beautifully explained course, one of the best  online courses I have attended 
The topics covered were precise and the subject matter was explained clearly.
many useful for who is a beginner in the programming. Many thanks Dr. Charles 
It was a basic course for those who don't know how to program in any language
An excellent introduction to Python and way to refamiliarise with programming
Very interesting course because you faced real code... and you must touch it!
Very Basic but nice way to get started. Excited to study specialization class
It is a great course for all those who wants to learn a programming lenguage.
Very nice professor, liked him very much. My favorite thing about the course.
Good lectures.  Everything is very clear.  The pace could be a little faster.
This is so good for beginners. Will encourage everybody to take this course.
i pretty good idea about basics and control flow very excited for next class
i love the energy from the instructor! he seems passionate about his lecture
good experience learning this...thank you so much...learnt many things :) :) 
i like this course very much , it helps me to enhance  my python knowledge .
very nice  course for beginers to learn programming an start a new language. 
This course is very helpful for the beginners in python. It helped me a lot.
Explained nicely. Little bit slower for who know other programming language.
A lot of programming exercises can be included to improve the course further
is really great course even I'm the beginner I still can learn so much thing
This course provides a good learning experience for the beginners in python.
Good introduction to Python , but the final grade exercise made me sweat :-)
Course is good but more examples and some complex scripting would help a lot
Good Explanation, easy to follow and most important understand how it works. 
 The course was great but I think it should include more problems to work on. 
Good material.  Very helpful.  I'm starting to tap into my inner programmer.
Sometimes a little bit repetitive, but maybe it is for better understanding. 
Helpful content with amazing tutor and awesome tool  for  taking assignment
great experience about python in funny way but the difficulty level is high
I had an amazing experience during this course and learned lot about python
could use more better slide like interactive contents for eg. visual stuffs
excellent course. the proper basic idea of python language. thanks dr.chuck
Contents of this course were very useful to know program controls in python 
Its a good course and a great Instructor by the way. He was simply amazing.
last module need more info and need more practice questions for all modules
Awesome course , I will be happy if the course is somehow available in pdfs
Need to add more exercises and more real life examples of the control flow,
Some topics are missing. Assignments are very easy. Instructor is the best.
too easy for one who has previous programming experiencebut its also good
wow, this video make me have more motivation to learn Python, many thanks !
There could be more, shorter videos, but all in all, it was a great course!
Covers the very basics of python. It does not even get to data types though
Great coaching by Dr. Severance and also interactive exams and coding tool.
amazing course taught by an amazing and very enthusiastic  teacher loved it
Thanks for this useful  and simple course. I liked it and I loved Dr. CHUCK
learning new programming language was fun and looking forward to learn more
Really very good but basic introduction to the Python programming language.
it was good session for python and this language is good and easy to learn 
Practice sessions should be more enough to make the course complete enough
It is a nice course which helps to develop the base for python programming
The course was good and the efforts made by the professor were remarkable.
This is one of the best course for beginners who want to start with python
If more assignments and advance contents can be added that would be great!
Basic Python knowledge. Easy to understand, and is suitable for everybody.
I found it very useful, it gives me  time to do things myself. thanks alot
this course was great in view of learning but too easy problems were given
The assignment can be too comprehensive especially going to the last weeks
i love this course but i wish that it has more information and explanation
Excellent for everyone who has dream to start with programming with python
I loved this course and Dr. Chuck. He explained everything in easiest way.
Great class! But a little bit easy for people with programming experience.
As for me too much water. I'd like to have this course  shorter and faster
Could do better with explaining in a better way, but overall is very good. 
Very apt content and the explanation was in simple words and to the point.
Basics are explained in layman terms. Good start point for Python I think. 
A little bit too fundamental...Professor is kind and funny, which is good!
Awesome professor, anyone who doesn't have any prior knowledge can learn.
This is really a helpful course if you want to learn python form scratch.
very informative learnt lot python coding ready to move to the next level 
I must say that Dr. chuk is on of the best instructor, i had in my life .
NNice expenses with this cources IAM learning python programming language 
its a basic way to introduce to the coding as well as the python language
Excellent course, but number of programs must be increased in each topic.
Found it very useful and helpful. Very good explanation by the professor.
Course content is good and prepare a good foundation for upcoming lessons
course is quite easy to understand and the instructor is very interactive
It was one of my best oniline course as compare to  other oniline courses
Explained the basics of python programming easily and concepts are clear.
Great Course....Professor Charles Severance is a great teacher and mentor
Nice start with Python programming. Let's have a look on the next courses
The course is really good and so as teaching staff. They are very helpful
thinks for this cours. I'm like study python and i will need pratice more
Good beginning course - good examples and explanations of basic concepts.  
Good courser but could be more practical if concentrated more on examples
this course has changed my wa of learning python. its an excellent course
The course was great but I feel students would prefer a white background.
Basic introduction to python. Very well explained and easy to understand. 
very nice beginning course. the autograder a little buggy on last project
Good instructor.  Some of the questions on the exams are not well worded.
Good introduction to Python for those who know nothing about programming!
It was very informative. I loved the way you taught us about programming. 
Good course.  It is suitable for every body who interesting programming.
It was nice to go through this course. just enjoyed the basics of python
It is kind of too basic, would have been better if more content is added
it is a ver nice course and it helps me to a best introduction of python
Should be deeper and brief.Yet thanks . it helped me build up confidence
The course is very easy and makes you confident with the basic concepts.
It was one of the most interactive and enjoyable course I have ever had.
Course   content   is    good and   language is   simply   to understand 
You can share with solving problems (harder ones)Thanks sincerely, Elvir
Overall python course was nice, good explanation with realtime examples.
A little bit too easy for me. I understand though~ python for everybody.
An amazing course for beginners. Not so good for experienced programmers
Good introduction to Python. Maybe include Linux in the Install section.
It is a nice course for people who has zero knowledge about programming. 
its a really nice course and of course i love the lecturer... Mr Charles
really amazing! i, really happy and excited to learn more on coursera..
one of the finest faculties available for the subject.loved the course.
It was a good experience and it was fun and worthy to listen the topics
The course is very helpful for the beginners,as it is  from the basics.
it is a nice platform to learn easily and in sufficient here.thank you!
This course is a great kick start for those who are new to programming!
Good course for introducing yourself to python for the very first time.
The classes by Charles Russell Severance is one of the best I ever had.
It is very useful for people whose python is very first coding language
The course will form a good foundation for the better things to come by 
this course is very nice and for the beginners it is easy to understand  
My only complaint is that there weren't very many practice assignments.
not challenging enough with people has some basic programming knowledge
The course can be made a little bit tougher. The questions are too easy
It's very simple to follow and understand, it's for complete beginners.
good to start with basics of any programming languages
This course war amazing thanks to instructor and coursera as a whole:))
Quizes and exercises are quite easy. They don't lead you to think more.
nice basics but should be taught about object oriented programming also
Great for learning the basics and understanding how python coding works
It is very interactive and easy to learn. I enjoyed taking this course.
This course is very useful for anyone who has no programming background
As a introductory course it's good course. Course material is too easy.
Just scratches the surface. Good to get started for absolute beginners.
Good for beginners with little or no knowledge of Python or programing.
The Best course.Material provided is good for refer while programming.
Great course for beginners to python or even beginners to programming.
Extremely clear and precise explanations. Would like more assignments.
This is great platform for learning and improving programming  skills.
they have explained very easy steps to learn coding....and i luv those
It was a very good course and the trainer taught everything very well.
I would of liked hints for the assignments as I had trouble with them.
REALLY VERY AUTHENTIC CONTENT AND GOOD DISCUSSION FORUM ON THIS COURSE
It is an amazing experience. I have learned how to begin python study.
Assignments should be more creative and a little bit mora challenging.
its a very interesting and very easy to understanding course thank you
Great beginner course and I like that the exercises are not that easy!
It is very easy with the Coursera and very interesting with Dr. Chuck.
Very Basic stuff. It would be good if it can be made more challenging.
Great course and easy to follow. Can improve the colors on the videos.
Course is good for getting of basic knowledge about Python programming
It seems to simple although considering that it is for new programmer.
i am very happy when I completed this course. thank you to Coursera <3
As a beginner course it's okay.Needs to be more competitive and tough.
Good for starters, but should enhance the complication of assignments. 
Needs an update and the slides are hard to see, but overall very good.
There must be more programming section, but it was great thank you :)
THE SPELLING OF MY NAME IN THE CERTIFICATE IS WRONG.CLASSES ARE GOOD.
I would request team to include more practical scenario for practise.
excellent course with basics everyone should go through this course !
It was a good experience to learn something new programming language.
A good experience of learning and gained a excellent skill of python.
It is really a helpful course. Loved it.A learned a lot about python.
Perfect for beginners of python and very interesting way of teaching.
an nice course for beginner programmers but with few worked exercises 
python programming skillsthese course make the easier to learn python
Really great course! I learned and refreshed my programming knowledge
The first few weeks can be skipped if you know the basics of hardware
easy to learn , assingment need guideline more for easy understanding
Great course for building confidence and awareness of python program.
Great course.Highly recommendable.Very informational and interesting.
Very nice course I have understood the python very well.Thank you sir 
Could use more examples, some lessons were much too short on content.
We can have further more classes on it with some sort kind of project
it is some bit too easy I think it's better to cut some lesson short.
a very useful for learning python .very easily explained every topic.
Great course! I just wish there were more opportunities for practice.
As the course name is its for beginner,anybody can learn this course.
course is very basic and clearly understandable . Good for beginners.
Great litmus for people to eviscerate their inner programming skills.
That's a very good introduction for programming. It's easy to follow.
Felt the content of videos is slow moving, can be slightly fast paced
Great Course really. Good material and easy to follow and understand. 
this course is very basic course for python and assignments are good.
good for beginner.....this course is not for u if u know some python
good  we know know about basics python through these type of courses
This course is perfect for beginners like me .  Thankyou Dr Chuck :) 
I have learned about python in detail by Getting started with python
It was a great experience to teach and hear from a genius like him.. 
Should review the quiz test of individuals with answers more clearly
I felt it can be very hard for beginner and can be more basic level.
It was Very helpful in brushing up the basics of the python program.
Better types of examples can be taken while explaining the concepts.
It's the best course for novice beginners on the internet till date. 
It was useful and learnt python is a short period of time. Thank you
Great Course,but need to put more Assignments and codes for practice
Overall the course was very helpful, thanks for such a great course.
i wish there were more practice exercises to really develop concepts
Nice overview, but quite slow at some points. Book is really helpful
Great intro to Python with great lectures , quizzes and assignments.
it was pretty good for the beginners and i have a nice experience...
Really good for beginner. Very clear and professor is very humurous. 
Very Illustrative and useful specially for beginners to programming. 
Easy to follow and well informed assignments to try on first go !!!!
Great course for beginning, but I fell like it needs more exercises. 
it's too long sentence to verification and we need to write it again 
This was an extremely useful course to learn fundamentals in python
Great intro to python 3 but would like to have covered more topics.
videos could be more related to assignments specialy assignment 5.2
Um too easy examples, I want more hard ones to solve the assignment
This training is very helpful. Dr.Chuck explanation is really good.
it was nice experience to learn the basics of python in this course
a great course for those who has just started learning with python.
I got to know things that my college teacher did not mention. Good.
the program is concise but very encompassing and easy to understand
need more assignments as i feel "hands on" is the best way to learn
Nice course! nice lectures! good tasks! it s makable for everybody! 
Very Precise and very Helpful Course,thanks to Dr.Charles Severence
Very easy and suitable for people who do not have coding experience
This was an awesome course... really enjoyed learning this language
Good for beginners but I felt those bonus videos are waste of time. 
A bit easy, but a good primer. Looking forward to the rest of them.
a good course for introduction. Too simple and too little exercise.
This is a course for beginner. Anyone want program, should take it.
There should be a hint or Solve for the assignments. Overall good.
Well paced and elaborated especially for those new at programming.
Want to lean python at its basic , this course is the right choice
It just an amazing course, I have learned so much from this course
It's a nice course for those who want to learn Python in Lockdown.
THANK YOU BECAUSE OF THIS I GAINED KNOWLODGE ABOUT PYTHON  PROGRAM
suggested for absolute beginners. its good and easy to understand.
Everything is great but I would like to have more practical tasks. 
It was a good course but I felt the knowledge given was incomplete 
This course is very good and I have the pleasure of participating.
It actually is a "Getting Started" course, as it felt way to easy.
good teaching methodology,and had great assignments and interfaces
The Grading tool needs some improvisation else everything is fine.
Lists/arrays and many other things are not included in the course.
Add some more Assignments and examples related to Iterative loops.
I wish I had a bit more practise and guidance in the last exercise
It was quite helpful.I learned basics nd i enjoyed while doing it.
Very basic, yet highly effective and enjoyable introductory course
This is the best course since I have started to learn in coursera. 
a great introductory course. Dr chuck is a great and funny teacher
A very good introduction to the material, though a bit simplistic. 
Videos are dated and have some errors, but otherwise great course!
Very good to start learning Python. More exercices would be great.
Excellent Introduction to Python and computer programming language
This course helped me understand the basics of Python programming. 
The Course is great but I would add more coding exercise examples
Should've put more emphasis on keywords and their use in general. 
Course explained all the theoretical and Practical part very well 
if code would haven't been pre-written  then I would rate 5 star.
Could have more problem sets to test ourselves, even if optional.
it seems easy. I don't actually feel like i achieve something big
As a beginner in programming, this is a really good class for me. 
Pretty basic questions .Could be made a littile bit hard instead.
Good for beginners as well as intermediate-level programmers too.
This course is really helpful for learning Python from the basic.
This course is very helpful to understand basic concept in python  
its good way to get time pass in quarantine by learning new thing
The teacher is really good, attracts the interest of the student.
a nice introductory course on python. Problems were far too easy. 
Really good starting course for non-experience python programmers
A good introductory course to Python. Intended for real beginners
Good for basic concept and introduction to a programming language
Very nice course.Teaching methodolgy of Doctor chuck is very cool
good for novice programmer,an experienced programmer may leave it 
Its an excellent course.. I am really thankful for the approach.. 
cool content for beginners and a good revision for intermediates
a very good fundamental learning of Python programming language.
Great Course actually, it went above and beyond my expectations.
a great course for learning python with super-normal instructor.
best course for beginners thank you Dr chuck ,thank you coursera
its nice too learn from no basics to every bit thanks dr.chuck..
great time for lockdown with python and slytherin teacher snape.
One of the best way for the beginners to begin with programming!
This course is realy good ,i have  learn many thing in the corse
Thank you sir for this wonderful knowledge. I loved your support
i think more assignments and real life problems should be given.
focus on main topics for beginner to start with python.Thank You
bit easy but course was lectured in a very good way and quality.
I have learned a lot of good things in a friendly way. thank you 
I do like hard problems and examples of syntaxis while do grade
Programming for Everybody is a good course for python beginners!
The class material and video lectures were very straight forward 
Very good introduction, though I feel it is a little simplistic. 
Good for the real beginner of python and computer programming :)
A nice course for someone with little experience in programming.
Nice course but you need to be patient while doing the exercise.
assignment is a bit too easy, suitable for totally new beginners
it is so good, the teachers  can transmit the knowledge required 
 LOT OF EFFORT HAS BEEN PUT INTO MAKING THIS COURSE, WELL DONE!!!
This course has fun lectures and very interesting bonus content.
Informative . Best platform to aquire python programming skills
This course is for those who have zero knowledge in programmkng
its one of nice course that i have learnt in this post lockdown
i understand it beginners course but everything is bit too easy
Very helpful. Understood the basics of Python programming well.
it was very good.it helped me to gain a idea about programming.
Probably the best course on python I've ever seen for beginners
We need more practice exercises so that we can apply ourselves.
The instructor dr.chuk was good. he is good at what he is doing
its good for beginners,who didn't even know what is programming
the instructer was very clear and helpful throughout the course
This course was effective for me.It led to exploring the basics
Great course for beginners with no prior programming experience
It is a great course for anyone want to start learning to code.
Liked learning python. Videos are detailed and we'll explained.
very good for freshers who doesn't have programming experience.
A very good course for someone with zero programming experience
I guess this is a good and basic introduction course for Python
Good course to get a grasp of the basics of python programming.
I learned a lot. Clear explanation of all the basics of Python. 
Very cool and challenging, and just "Blastoff!"Thanks Dr.Chuck!
Worth the knowledge. Notes were fun to take. Strongly Reccomend
It is my first course.I had a lovely experience to learn python
A little on the easy side but is a great introduction to python
Very nice way of leaning Python programming for beginners !!!!! 
Great course! Really easy to understand for beginners! Thanks..
Wonderful course for a python beginner.  Thanks for the course!
a good course that uses a variety  of tools for better learning
It's great for beginners but VERY easy for advanced programmers
Great course to start programming, sometimes a bit slow though.
Very, very basic but excellent instruction in the fundamentals.
very awesome course...great explanation and easy to understand
A good course for those who aspire to build a career in python 
The instructor was very good in making understand the concepts
Good Teaching but examples should be more easy and attractive,
In this course I started to  learn Python language from basics 
this course helped me in learning the basic of python easily .
What a wonderful teacher, Beast teacher I ever had. Kudos sir.
nice course for basics of python and programming of all sorts.
The course content is proper and vivid along with clear topics
Pretty basic. Good for people who have never programmed before
The amount of time to complete the course could be increased .
Good course for a beginner who wants to learn from the basics.
A good course for someone who wants to starts learning python.
Best course. Very easy to learn new language with this course.
Great course! Could be improved with more practical exercises.
Sir is an amazing teacher and expresses his ideas very clearly
this is my best experience to learn programming in beginning.
very good course for beginners .  i recommended this course.. 
It is very useful for beginners. Lectures are very efficient. 
You need to have a programming foundation to take this course
I understand all things that sir had told. I like this course
Course was good by itself, but I was expecting more concepts.
Enjoy to learn this course and instructor is very interesting
very good course and good content. i learnt basics of python.
Nice Course ,All Basic Python Loops, and assignments are easy
THANK YOU COURSERA  COURSERA SUCH A GREAT PLATFORM FO LEARNER
Very lucid explanations to help grasp the concepts. Loved It!
Very fundamental course. Highly recommended for entry levels.
Nice representation......Good job by Charles Severance Sir...
Great class to get back to your programming world with Python
Suitable for green hand of Python to get the basic knowledge.
It was fun learning basic of Python with Professor Severance. 
basic level course: well explained, thank you for the efforts
Great course if you are just starting out lectures are great.
along with the book, a very informative and well paced course
From the scratch, thank you professor for teaching me Python,
Please add an option to discuss with others in every chapter
Liked the didactic, The exercises could use some improvement
Ok, however not difficult enough for any existing programmer
Very useful course .good for beginners and basic are cleared 
i enjoy this course but it should show how to use python app
The last task was very difficult. It needs more instructions
Coding assignments are difficult. Need some guidance for it.
This is a really a nice course. Everyone should consider it.
It indeed was a wonderful course. Especially for a beginner.
It is very good for beginner to learn the python programming
good for starting python with basic knowledge of programming
it should have more content and should be of more high level
BEST FOR THE STUDENTS WITH NO PROGRAMMING BACKGROUND SO FAR.
Its easy platform for bigginers students to learn python ...
The videos should be of short length than having 18 minutes.
Helpful course to build a foundation for python programming.
good explanation and very effective way to study programming
Some more complex assignments are to be added to this course
Its my pleasure to learn courses from University Of Michigan
This course was helpful , thanks coursera and the instructor
Very great course to get started with programming in Python.
Have a good experience and i learn many concepts of phyton..
Learnt basics but expected  more especially in the loop part
Its well designed and very diligently crafted for beginners.
It is very easy to learn. The course is fit to the beginner.
Great introduction to Python! Easy to follow and understand.
was very good but there were few mistakes in korean subtitle
  This was my first coursera course and it was great!  Thanks!  
Easy and interesting, but the content is a little bit thin..
Very detailed, but not deep enough ha. Anyway, a good class!
Basic principles for learning python and also fun!.Enjoy it!
Ideal also for those who have no experience with programing.
Course can have more content and little complex assignments.
for me it is very helpful as i am completely new to python.
It was a great course and it helped me to learn new things.
It was an awesome experience working and playing with codes
The instructor is mind blowing. anyone can grab this course
Starting off with this basics for python is recommendable!!
A very good approach towards understanding basics of Python
The course was really helpful for beginning with python. :)
Exceptional content and very interactive way of explaining.
It was a nice course. But more basic things should be added
good to clear all basics.. more advanced will also required
Good course for those who are new to Python and programming 
The Lecture Helps me a lot to improve my programming skills
Excellent course and I have no programming experienceeileen
Well structured with good content. Very good for beginners. 
Instructor's style is comfortable.  Really liked the course
Great starting point for programmers who are new to Python.
Great introductory overview and insights into the language.
A pretty good start for anyone who wants to do programming!
it is really helpul. i liked the teaching and assignments.
There was very less video tutorial even its a basic course
I like the way the instructor is instructing. Thanks, sir! 
Great course i would definitely complete its next part too
Good start for complete begineers to programming language.
It is very good and understandable course for me ,Thankyou
it was good to learn the programming through this platform
Thank you coursera and my dear professor Charles severance 
Good to attend this type of classes and instructor is good
one of the best course to learn python easily and smoothly
I think this course is a good way to start learning python
Am very happy for  learning python language in this course
how to pay for the course? Please, answer me. I am russian
Very Informative and Friendly Lecture environment to learn
Need more practice or programming exams to test knowledge.
Easy for me. Maybe more relevant for an absolute beginner.
it is so easy to learn ,simple and easy way of explanation 
One of the best courses to start your journey with Python.
It's a little bit easy for students who have learned C/C++
It is easy to learn! Take that time you need to understand
Covers the basic of python, can be more challenging though
good course i like the interview and good course materials
Godd introduction to Python. I enjoyed the course in full.
slightly slow and not hugely thorough, but very practical.
clear and simple explanationvery good for beginner like me
Very good lecture but the lecturer really can be precised. 
I would like to have more assignment added to this course.
Very good course,but i think that exams are are very easy.
More exercises would be nice! Overall, a very nice course.
A decent course though I expected it to be more detailed.
it's very useful to develop my skills through this course
Should have talked about splitting the words an sentences
Basic level course very good for beginners to start with. 
Dr.chuck is really a great person,i jus love his lectures
I have got a Great Experience by enrolling in this course
You should upload more assignments regarding the subject.
A very good introductory course on the elements of Python 
the tcourse is good, we also want some detail explanation
basics all covered.all thanks to this course and coursera
Simple and easy to learn and helpful towards career goals
could be more streamlined and thereby less time-consuming
This is very basic course. It is only for non programmers
Excellent course for python beginners! Thank You so much!
Great course for those don't have programming experience!
pretty good, wish it had more excercises and more content
Enjoyed the course with python which was easy and doable. 
Good for anyone who's a beginner. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is really helpful for those who are  willing to learn.
This is quite helpful and i really enjoyed the course....
Best way to get started with a new programming language !
Extremely useful course for absolute beginner in Python.
Overall perfect course for beginners and understandable!
Very well explained with examples. Perfect for begineers
Beautiful course thought by an extremely talented mentor 
It's really helpful and understandable for me. I like it
THIS WAS A GOOD COURSE,THANKS FOR PROVIDING THIS COURSE.
Might be a little bit too fast but overall this is great
The course is good,but it's not in deep.Just the basics.
The Course was very useful. Helped a lot for the basics. 
There should hands-on Experience with any mini project .
Having problem with their axcent but the content is good
Best Platform to Learn. Thank You for Sharing Knowledge.
Very good course for  python starters must enroll for it
The test part  is not as good as the same course on edx.
Nice intro in Python. I will sign up for the next course
very basic and easy to learn from the lectures thank you
Better course online for the starters like me in Python.
Excellent course for beginners. Great peripheral content
very helpful for beginners who wish to learn programming  
It would be better if the assignments were not too easy.
basic concepts and commands of python, good for beginner
I would enjoy a slightly faster pace and more exercises.
newbie of the programming language, this is a good start
A good place to start learning any programming language.
Okay, the course has too many extra things not required.
excellent course for beginners happy to be a part of it
The course was really good,intresting never felt boring
best platform to learn and espically thanks to Dr Chuck 
The course was too basic. Maybe cover a few more topics
Good for babies(no offense),Expected much more contents
Explaination can be better . though quite a good course 
Learnt lot of things by doing this course....Thank you!
this is soo helf ful to built our career towards python
Very interactive course with vast level of information.
learn a great thing and teacher teach us in a great way 
This course is great for learning the basics of Python!
great course for beginners  in the field of programming
Coursera is a good online platform for learning Python.
It is too basic .If you know python basic dont opt it .
It was brilliant. So useful and was taught as promised. 
It'd be better with more exercises! But Chuck is great!
Good course to start as python programmer, many thanks.
it was really good .Looking for more courses like this.
Very basic beginner level course, explained really well
need additional topics and more challenging assignments
Great course, would have liked more exercises though :) 
Good introductory course for Python. Covers the basics!
very helpful to people who are new to programming world
the last exercise is bugged (5.2 is supposed to be 5.1)
The course is easy and clear. For beginner programmers.
Perfect Balance between Challenging and Understandable
Nice Course covering the basics of Python programming. 
Nice course. There can be more exercises for practice.
deberian quitar los videos turisticos, no aportan nada
if u wanna start with basics u can go with this course
Understandable, even though slow pace but it still fun
a good course if you have prior programming experience
Need more details over the control structure and loops
It was good experience and i gained a lot of knowledge
good course but i found it little bit less interactive
its an wonderfull experience to learn basics of python 
i was learned basic fundamentals of python programming
An amazing course to create your base for programming.
It was a nice course and also thanks to the professor. 
It was really helpful and it taught me from the basics
this course is really very helpful for every beginner.
Really good explanation my the professor. Thanks a lot
Nice way of presenting. but the content is very basic. 
The session was useful. But it only covers the basics.
Teacher is very kind and the class is very interactive 
This is a good course to start on Python for beginner. 
Nice course. I got basic information from this course.
Thans to Chuch and all the staff of the Coursera Team.
Very clear explanation about Python. I will like an up
Coursera's platform + Chuck's teaching style = Great !
Good course for beginners. Lacks sufficient exercises. 
so far , the best experience i had in online learning
Very good course for begineers  clears all the doubt. 
It was great experience to learn the basics of python
You can improve level of Assignment a little bit more
This is the best course to start python from scratch.
It was an amazing experience learning from Dr. Chuck.
good course..gives basic information regarding python
it was awsome course mr. chuck.You thought very well.
This course is really amazing ....Thank you very much
It was a great starting by Dr. ChunkThank you so much
Completely beginner level. Straightforward to follow.
Pretty interesting to get into the programming world. 
Great introductory course for programming and python.
Loved the course, mastered the basics. Thank you sir.
Add more like file handling, GUI and little bit more.
Very good teacher! Funny and very good at explaining. 
Goood contents, and the unbeatable Dr.Chuck. Awesome.
More extensive practice assignments would be helpful.
very nice and pleasant way to get started with python 
Solid class, enjoyable and well suited for beginners.
There will be some help to learner during assignment
its a very great course i had learnt a lot of things
A place which teaches the python basics really well.
Very good, it developed my thinking ability so much. 
A best way to learn and earn skills in the coursera.
Good course for learning syntax and basics of python
It was an amazing opportunity to get learn coding  .
Nice course to start boosting up programming skills.
Really a nice explaination and nice teaching methods
Dr.chuck was really amazing at guiding new learners.
its very nice course and teaches everything soo well 
GOOD BUT NEED EXTRA LIKE SHORTING OF LOOP, ARRAY ETC
great set but still didnt gave much codes to perform
knowledge gainable course...for personal experience.
thank you for started with python thanks a lot !!!!!
really a great opportunity for all knowledge seekers 
the way doctor explains the stuff is not interesting
This is one of the best courses tht i had for python
good for people with no previous knowledge to start.
What kind of monster used spaces in the code checker
starts from very basics and builds up your intuition
It is a nice course with useful practical exercises!
I like this course. It is a good start for beginner. 
A good introductory course to programming and Python
Great course, well presented, covers all the basics.
Good afternon , i enjoyed doing this course. Thanks!
A good clear and fun way to get started with Python.
The training session was good and easy to understand
I think it's a good start on Python and programming.
I felt there were not enough challenges for the fee. 
Simple and Focused course on Programming and Python. 
Very nice introductory course. I recommend it widely
very well thought of course content and delivery ...
wonerful course for python programming introduction
this course is best for getting started with python
This course is not very easy Be careful..    thanks
it's a very interesting course that I have learned. 
This course was wonderful. It achieve its objective
A great platform to gain new and unknown knowledge.
It was an amazing experience to learn about python.
Perfect for the beginners. Covers all basic things.
Nice class. Clearly explained everything in detail.
Try to teach command prompt a little more in depth.
It is really a good course for a biginner in Python
Great lesson! Some more exercises would be perfect!
Great course good for begining with the right foot.
Too easy and the video is too long for simple stuff
A bench mark for easy understanding of programming.
Prof is cool. A good platform to start programming.
I felt unprepared for Exercise 5.2. Otherwise good. 
The professor is nice, but it is a little bit easy.
its a very nice course . recommended for beginners
the tool is bit difficult for a normal code to run
excellent course and can complete at your own pace
One of best course to learn the concepts of python
Excellent Sessions , learnt a lot from this course
Really helpful to understand the basics of python. 
it's a great flatform for me to learn basic python
good course generates ones interest in programming
it is an amazing course.helped me to learn python.
Thank you so much sir, for the stupendous sessions
A must  course for beginners in python programming 
It is very useful to learn new skills in lockdown.
This is very good for getting started with python.
Its an easy and to the point course for beginners.
NIce To Start done with in this world of competion
It was very good experience to learn new programs. 
It was really amazing to learn python in this way.
some exercises before assignments would be useful!
Teaching was really good and fluent to understand.
Very easy course for a beginner. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
it's really amazing course...But it tacks time....
very easy to get familiar with the python language
Content is good for learning python as a beginner. 
Its a good Online Course for Phyton introduction.
Content great; navigation sometimes not that easy.
The best online Python course I have tried so far.
So nice to have such a pretty understandable class
The video instruction was shorter than i expected. 
Already submitted via class-central. Great course!
Great course to get started with basics of Python. 
The first course I completed .it's  little simple.
On the easy side, but well organised and presented
A great class for easing into the world of Python.  
Gives an an overall idea about python programming.
quite easy. you can finish this course in 4 hours.
Very good one... want to have this quality more :D
First part - relatively easy but escalates quickly
A lot to say but I think I am not the one to judge
Starts nice and easy, escalates quickly at week 7
it was a little slow....but i enjoyed learning it
This is very nice course for the basics of python
A very balanced course to get started with python
its  a great experience here to learn and explore
In general good course.  Too much filling videos.
Very cool and well explained. But it is very slow 
good course for everyone not just for programmers 
It's done very fast, not going too detail but ok.
A beginner friendly course with good explanation.
The course is pretty much good but is quite slow.
This the Coursera is helpful for basics in python 
Interesting and beneficial a lot to the beginners
Excellent, but some what more syllabus is needed. 
Very easy to understand and implement. Thank you.
Takes you from overall Python3 basic to finish...
Very basic concept are covered only for beginners
very nice course helped a beginner  like me a lot 
very nice course easy to learn and understandable
It is a well complied course with great lecturer. 
friendly and funny instructor -- that's Dr Chuck!
Good one . Expected more exercise or assignment .
Good, but wish it went more in depth in lectures.
great teacher and class; last exercise was tough!
well taught, good pace, am continuing to course 2
This course is really good for beginner.Perfect.
excillent experience to learn python from basics
better understanding way, Good quality faculties
really a nice and exciting journey for beginners
it was a good start for me in python programming
It is good for learning basic python programming
Beginner friendly course to start off for python
Overall a good high level introduction to Python
nice course for computer science student....!!!!
We could finish the 7-weeks materials in 1 week.
That's was the great experience from this course
nice intro to any programming language like this
this course is nice if you are absolute beginers
great course , should include more Python topics
A very good course to start your Python journey!
very helpful course to understand  basic concept
Great for inspiring everyone to learn programing
Good Introductory Course with great Bonus Videos
very basic course for beginners.... like me...!! 
great introduction, like the ui for assignments.
Very good and step-by-step as NKOTB would state.
excelent. complete information and good teacher.
This course is really good for python beginners.
Good course to start basic programming in Python
My instructor was excellent ,I love this course 
Last assignment was really confusing and buggy.
very very thank you for  teaching about  python 
I think this course needs more heavy exercises.
Its  a good course but i think it is very basic
Very well taught in a decent way. Thanks for it
Professor really explaind it in simple language 
a very good starting course that will help much 
Really felt  it as a good start in programming.
it was great to learn and increase my knowledge
This is just so amazing, you get to learn alot.
very nice explainationquiz part was really good
It was a very wonderful course I have ever did.
very useful,it is easy to understand the topics
Could have more material like lists and tuples. 
The course focuses on the very basics of python
this course is exceptionally good for beginners
Really good course! Satisfied with the content.
it is useful to the basic programmers in python
This is quite  good and useful for new learners
very nice and good instructor. I am  very happy 
good introductory course to learn python basics
A very deep and slow process of learning python
Very clear and straightforward not to difficult
good introduction to the very basics in Python.
Good for beginners, very basic for anyone else.
didnt think all parts werte explained in detail
Excellent  course to get started with python !!
The course is really very good and interactive.
it's good lecture, but too short for one course
Very well organised and easy to follow program.  
Great learning and a great course for beginners
Very expensive certificate for little material.
Good Course but it needs some getting in-depth.
Recommended for beginners in programming feild. 
good lessong but there is so many extra things
Great refresher course on the basics of coding
This is a good basic python programming curse.
course is good and assignments are challenging
very nice!! looking forward to the next one...
Its a good course for beginners..give it a try
nice to learn online improving knowledge skill 
its very good opportunity to learn from online
iterations should be explained more explicitly
It covers all the basic in python. Quite easy.
i have really enjoyed and studied in coursera. 
It's very crazy platform to enhance our skill.
Nice teaching.Really easy techniques to learn.
This course is very helpful for the begginers.
The way of teaching is good.thank you coursera
It was such a good class with good instructor.
its easily understandable course for beginners 
Good Course for stating Programming in Python!
Assignments are very easy and less challenging
it gives opportunities to learn the new things
This is one of the best online courses for me.
good , understandable and knowledgeable course 
Just hate the stuff which was of meeting talks 
very helpful in starting learning data science
course was great for beginners. very detailed.
Very good learning experience & easy to learn. 
Excellent course for beginners to learn python
Great course!!!  but still need more examples.
too easy for someone familiar with programming
very easy to understood course for a beginner.
some functions are not discuss in the course .
Fantastic course and the lecturer is wonderful
Useful course, very funny thanks to Charles :)
I understand the basic op the python language.
fun, informatics, but some key points wasn't t
This is a great course for absolute beginners 
THIS COURSE IS EASY IF YOU REALLY LIKE MEANS.
Excellent Course to Learn Python From Scratch
Best Course for learning Python. Thanks a lot 
This is a good course to spend ours free time
I wish there is more face to face interaction
need more simple explaination for some topics
EVERYTHING WAS NEW FOR  ME SO I ENJOYED A LOT
more practical examples required and thankyou
it is very nice platform to learn new things.
It is a great course to get started on python
i was scared of programming now i overcame it
nice but the compiler doesn't work some times
It was easy to learn and very less time taken
it is a good course for the python begginners
Thank you very much. These course is helpful. 
Really good for beginners like me. learn alot
excellent course for Python Beginner Learners
good course for beginners with zero knowledge
Super, very good. I had to like much. Thanks.
It is an excellent course, a bit basic though
Great introduction to programming and python.
Bon cours pour apprendre les bases de python. 
It is somehow fundamental, but it was useful. 
it was actually good and it helps from basics
i liked the professor thank you very much ^_^
Easy to start the journey of learning python.
One of the better online courses I have used.  
ALL OK . BUT NEED MORE EXAMPLE FOR PRACTICE.
its very useful for very beginners of python
it is very good for beginners in programming
Its good course helpful for python beginners
Amazing Course and Great Instructor indeed .
over all it is the best course for beginners 
great course to start programming in python.
It was a very helpful course for a beginner.
so helpful to start with in the python world 
Awesome... I really enjoyed every bit of it.
This course might be too easy for beginners. 
this course is just for a very very beginer.
More practice exercises would be beneficial.
best teaching i had ever experienced.....!!!
There was a wrong answer in one of the quiz.
Great course lots of fun and great exercise. 
Very basic one but good for the beginners :)
This is a good course for complete beginners
Its a great course  ......highly recommended
Very good course, simple and easy to follow.
Good course for getting started with python
Simple but quite interesting to start with. 
Crystal clear explaination by the professor
I liked the way the instructor teaching us. 
A VERY HELPFUL COURSE IF YOU ARE A BEGINNER
Thank you for the course Coursera community 
Professor Charles is a great teacher.Cheers
i did not get cleared with my doubt easily. 
Please  explain more about last assignment. 
very interesting course, and explained well
best source for beginners and easy learning
Things Can Be More Explained And Elaborated
the course is good especially for beginners
If you understand it ,then it is very easy.
Very Informative and perfect for beginners.
Really helpful to non-programming students.
the assignments were difficult for begineer
Great course for an initiation into  python 
nyc learn python under guidance of Dr.Chuck
good for an entry-level of coding or python
Great for beginners, is easy to understand.
Its a good course to start with programming
Nice course for Understanding Python basics 
Very Basic concept any one can learn easily
The instructor taught the topics very well.
it's useful to me.But it's the basic python
It was good for start but need more exesise 
very good teaching , awesome practice work.
Awesome Basic course for Python Beginners !
I think the exercises were to easy to pass.
Good for starters. Instructor is very good.
Good for someone just start learning Python
Wish they had more assignments to test you.
Well structured for the starting in python.
Very easy to understand. Great for everyone
Please include Object-oriented programming.
I like the way the material where supplied
The IDE or online tool is a little finicky 
I was really a challenging course,loved it 
Great Introductory course but not perfect.
Excellent one. It covers all basics in ver
Good, interactive, simple, easy to engage.
Good Course for beginners 100% recommended 
it was  a great experience, i learnt a lot
overall  experience is awesome and helpful 
Very good course for the python beginners.
really the couse is very good,thank to all 
This course is really good for a beginner.
It's interesting to learn from this course
Pretty good starting point to learn Python
Its good course to start learn programming
Nice teaching technique and fun experience
its good platform to increasing the skills
great experience. looking forward for more
quite a course too get started with python
this course is very helpfulthanks coursera
its really a good course for beginners....
Good and a little bit tough for begginers.
Its a very good course for Python Beginers
It is an amazing course. Thanks, Coursera.
It's a nice course to learn for beginners.
Quite helpful in learning basics of Python
Best course to learn python for beginners.
all the basics has been very well covered.
Very basic but great course to start with. 
Excellent course for Programming beginners
It is a very good course for any beginner.
There should be more exercise for practice
Too good taught alot :) amazing professors
very nicely explained basics of python ...
This is an amazing course to turn up with.
It was Fun throughout the course journey!
The course was really helpful. Thank you!
thank you for this wonderful oppurtunity.
Thank you!!! for the detailed explanation 
course is absolutely perfect for beginner 
very good course covering all with basics 
really good to start learning python here
this course is very helpful for beginners
best course to startup with for beginners
GOOD EASY TO LEARN WITH IN A SHORT PERIOD
basic python course with good explanation
this is an best app i can learn something
THANKS SIR PROVIDING BEST ONLINE PLATFOEM
Good course for the introduction of java.
i have learned a lot from this .thank you
it is the best course and it very helpful
Two ways to pass1 hardwork2 full cheating
The course was fun.I enjoyed learning !!!
This course is very helpful for beginner.
Amazing course  with an outstanding tutor
I learned many important basics of python
this course is knowledgeable for beginner 
thanks for brief explanation about python
Easy to understand! Thank you, professor!
very informative and useful for beginners
Good explanations, but just few examples.
preety good course, really very healpfull
Pretty easy stuff, but still interesting.
Excellent teaching and course material!!!
its is good i learn lot of new thing here
good courser well presented for beginners 
Wonderful forum to learn!! Kudos to team.
Its really a nice for beginners in python
good for beginner, not difficult to start
Good course. People with a good heart too
Nice one. Perfect for complete beginners.
Interesting but sometimes too hard to me
good but too much video for extra things
Proffessor were so great, thanks to him.
The course sometimes becomes too fast... 
it was a nice and a helpful experience .
super understanding course for beginners 
It was a great experience while learning
if someone just wants basic this is good
This was a good basic course for python! 
Was a good courser to start with Python.
very good  course   learned a new things
Its a great platform to learn the basics
its awesome I had learnt much new skill.
great to gain outer structure of python.
Its a great python course for beginners.
Indeed a very good course for beginners.
The course was very smooth to understand
For begineers this course is very useful
It has been a great experience overall!! 
spend some more time on the basic things
This is only for absolutely for beginner
Could use a little more practice options
Quite easy and simple course on Python !
The user interface was really admirable.
A little bit too easy even for beginners
course have not  covered the every topic
Want to learn about dictionary and class
Overall it is really good for beginners.
easy to understandbut a little b it easy
this was silly. effective-ish, but silly
Great for beginners. OK for intermediate
very convenient to understand and learn.
GOOD COURSE! CLEAR AND WELL ORGANIZED!!!
It's very basic, suitable for beginners.
Nice course for the beginners.Go for It.
The lectures are good for the beginners.
great  study materials and presentation.
Very useful course to begin with python. 
good but it does not include tuple,list
Best for begginer of  python programer.
happy to learn python from best teacher
Great course and an amazing instructor. 
great course... I enjoyed every lecture
teaching was so good and understandable 
It gives very basic knowledge of python
This is very nice And important course.
This was awesome but need more content!
Very helpful but the level was too easy
I am very happy to part of this course. 
it better than offline I really enjoyed
Teacher is very experienced and helpful
It is an excellent course for beginners
I got good skills on python programming
A Very useful course in this quarantine
I enjoy much while learning this course
Very basic and easy! Good for a novice! 
this is good to learn  for the 1st time 
Excellent platform for python beginners
this is a very good course for beginner
very nice course and easy to understand
it should be a more practical approach.
I enjoyed the class .It was really good
Easy to follow with great code examples
It is a very nice course for begineers.
it is very good and handsome experience
The answer is a litter too "complicate"
The assignment kinda hard to understand
it s a good course to start programming
very good and easy learning techniques.
I hope you can offer online office hour
Great introduction in coding and python
Easy to understand, great explanations. 
Awesome tutorial for complete beginners
was very good BUT u have to add objects
its wonderful and simple to understand.
good course to start with the python..!
a very good introduction "for anybody".
Good for beginner. Very easy to follow. 
very interesting and easy to understand
Well organized and simply to understand
Easy to follow and with clear exercises
This was a very nicely organized course
experience like a real tutor beside us
It was great  learning with Mr. Chuck.
Very self suffice course for beginners
It is a wonderful course for beginners
This is good course... but not at pick
Very useful and good platform to learn
breif explanation understood very well 
excellent teaching with great examples 
sir was very good. He teaches us well.
its very good teaching skills to learn
This course is helpful and worthtaking
nice but not much effective as i think
I love the experience of this program.
Good bases, with too many explanations
Great Course , concepts well explained
good course for our future improvement
This course is very beneficial for us.
Great course to get started in Python.
A great  course and a great instructor
It is fantastic content as a beginner.
Not as difficult as expected it to be.
very useful during these lockdown days 
amazing if it could available in hindi
Brilliant course, had many challenges.
I learn new course for this platfrom .
Good one to begin your python journey.
expected more questions and difficulty
Great, concise course. Easy to follow.
nice one to start in programming field
For Beginners it's very helpful course
good online class, but too easy for me
The last week was not clear for me but 
Very good introduction to programming.
Some of the queries must be resolved..
Very basic knowledge about programming
Superb TO start programming inn Python
It was pretty good to learn from base.
Nice, but for totally new programmers.
Loved the assignments and the quizzes.
very helpful for programming in python
Great course for beginners in coding.
excellent contents ... and assessment 
very interesting and knowledge filled
so much better than out side resource
Great experience with this course ...
Programs are easy to solve. Thank You
Great learning sessions for newcomers
function and loops should be extended
it was really a satisfying experience
This course was explained in easy way
i needed more assignments to practice
Good online python programming skills
it's very helpful and awesome course.
nice to beginer bcz it is very basic!
Nice course but the videos were slow.
Well planned course for the beginners
 Very good start up programming course
really nice program for beginners  :)
Very good course for getting started.
very good but please add more example
great content and very easy to follow
The course really good for a beginner
Pretty detail introduction for Python
indeed basic course, good for new one
Great explanations. A bit too simple. 
Good for the beginners to programming
Excellent course for beginners.Thanks
Good course for introducing in Python
Great course for a Python beginner !!
Great course for begginers on Python.
Basic approach to Python programming. 
maybe the pace is a little drawn out.
this course was very fun to complete
very helpful course i have ever seen
good explanation but a bit too basic
This course is very good. I like it.
Best Introductory Course for Python.
Excellent explanation by Charles sir
It is very good course for beginners
Taught me the basics. I am satisfied
it is easy and worthy for beginners. 
Good enough to gain as much as u can
Very nice platform for the beginner.
I loved the way Dr. Sevrence taught.
a good choice for complete beginners
nice course try to do more in detail
very useful course for the beginners
WAS A GREAT EXPERIENCE EXCEPT EX 5.2
it is very good course for beginners 
Best course to start learning Python
This man is really really awesome!!!
the basics are beautifully explained
very happy to learn in this platform
It's really useful to develop skills
this course is best for the beginner
it is really good learn online class
easy to understand, thanx from china
nice and detail perfect for beginner
great but i hope we can start faster
Excellent initial course for Python.
Explain with more real time examples
Excellent course for  the beginners!
very basic course good for beginners
Good way to get started with Python.
great course but a little bit simple
It's a wonderful course, recommended
goooooood course if you do this free
vERY NICE COURSE FOR NON PROGRAMMERS
Very good starting point for python!
Ideal for novice level programmers!
Best intoduction course for python.
Nice course for beginners in python
This course was really a good start
good one..more interactive..love it
It is a great course for beginners.
Great experience in learning python
Thanks to coursera for this course.
Good course ... keep going teaching
it was good and highly interactive.
great course to start programming!!
Great course for Python beginners!!
A great course to start with python 
It was really helpful for beginners
Best course for beginners in Python
It was good. But it was too easy :|
very good course to start in python
awesome content and way of teaching
The teacher is very nice and funny.
Had fun. Really good for beginners.
Course gave a kick start to python.
Pretty good and easy to understand!
Could have gone a little bit faster 
A very good course to learn python.
Great  course.  accessible for all.
Its very usefull course for python.
Tutarial was good for very begineer
it's really helping and useful...:)
Good start if you are new to Python
Very good course for the beginners. 
So far the course has been amazing!
Could be a little  bit more complex
Very good course with great teacher
Nicely crafted course for beginners
This is very basic and fundamental. 
course is just right for beginners
Really a good course to start with
Thank You it is warm up for novice
It was quite a good experience !!!
this is good for absolute beginner
quite good for beginners on python
good experience in online learning
Good plat form to learn..Thank you
it is excellent score for beginers
a lotto learn about in this course 
good course  and cool instructor .
Good course for absolute beginners
This course is very helpful for me
Great course for Python beginners.
Functions topic is a bit confusing
Very useful program for beginners. 
you need to fix the assignment 5.2
Very interesting course I Loved It
really good course by great mentor
it was a good course for beginners
Good for basic knowledge of python
Good course for beginner in coding
Basics good course to get started.
One of the best series on Coursera
Great course for Python beginners. 
enjoyed the course. learned a ton.
Basic course for python. Good one.
that's what I like about you!! aha
Good course for complete beginners
Teaches the basics of Python well.
Very basic introduction to Python.
It's interesting to learn Python .
A very good introduction to python
Good introduction to the material.
It was a good experience overall.
very good course cover everything 
pretty nice course for a beginner 
Best course for beginner students
Great course. Thank you very much
It was great and had fun learning
thank you sirit's very soft learn
Learn a lot from Prof. Charles!!!
The course is good for beginners.
It's decent for a starters course
it was quite easy and interesting
very easy way to learn programing
good teacher and great experience
Worth taking course for beginners
It was a nice experience Thanks!!
This course is best for beginners
need more programming assignments
i learnt all the basics of python
it's really learned me the basics
very good course for the beginner
It was a very good course to have
It's a good course for beginners.
This course is virtually worthless. I couldn't follow the lectures, and I have a PhD and have been a tenured professor for almost two decades. The online course is based on snippets taken from face-to-face lectures and breakout sessions, and the result is utter incoherence. The instructor frequently refers to concepts that have not yet been encountered in the online version of the course; makes extensive use of mathematical notations and formulas whose variables are never properly explained; and generally does a poor job of explaining the material. This online version of the Yale course was obviously slapped together with very little thought and production value; it's one of those unsuccessful attempts to bring in revenue on the cheap, creating an online version out of existing face-to-face material, rather than building a real online course from scratch. This was wasted money and time. This attempt to capitalize on the Yale brand is pathetic.
This course was horrible! The Content was very disoriented and unclear. Videos were distorted, and jumping from one topic to another. There was no sense of continuity. One can not say this was a course from Yale...
Terrible lecturer. Maybe he should retire. He can't stay on point. Lectures are unwatchable - except for the beautiful auditorium stage.
This course was awful! I feel like I didnt learn anything useful. The information is very superficial. The math that is applied at some points is not well explained. The overall course lacks structure and substance. The quizes were just terrible. Please dont waste your time with this.
I was expecting more from the course. It is very unstrucuted and even misses a complete table of contents. Having paid for this course I would also have expected some manuscripts or at least a copy of the (rather unusable) slides.However the course gives a broad overview of financial topics and probably also mentions most of the concepts of key words. Unfortunately, Prof. Shiller fails to give adequate and precise definitions most of the time. They could have been included in the slides to help the students to learn in a more strucured manner. Probably the best thing about the course (for me) was that he recommended to read Nassim Taleb's works, which I did, and his books (in combination with reading up on definitions on wikipedia) really offer a lot more understanding than this course.I would recommended to consult anyone to consult a standard text-book on finance and the works of Nassim Taleb to spice things up, rather than to take this course.
It was not very interesting. The course needs to be more self-explanatory, with real world examples, and not dull
very confusing and doesn't seem connected or flow
This was a terrible course. 
I find the professor is hard to understand because he is so slow in making a point.  I have listened to a few lectures and have given up.  I am going to look for another course.
Don't waste your time! It's unstructured pile of videos recorded from face-to-face teaching. No explanations, no order, no structure, nothing.
Great course, horrible autograder. 
As it was highlighted as free course with certification for MOOC.I haven't received course completion certificate though my course has been fully completed. This issue needs to be addressed as why Coursera is not issuing course completion certification as promised  during COVID 19..Such a cheating to all the candidate to enroll for any course.This is not acceptable at all.
Not at all legitimate course. The concepts and principles of the course, instructor are not clear. I'm a stock market trader and in one of his quiz the answer of one his question was stop loss at 50% value down. According to this very soon you will find yourself at the footpark. More over he's find out to be staying in the history all the time.
Honestly, this course could have been a lot better but it was very vaguely put together. Definitely not an introductory course.The structure was pretty much all over the place.I later enrolled in for ISBs course on financial markets and it yielded way better results for me.STRUCTURE BAD. CONCEPTS RANDOM. TOPICS NOT ADDRESSED IN DETAIL.
waste of time, I could not understand properly the concepts, as he is not going straight to the point. so I unenrolled after watching few videos
the pace is extremely monotonous and it makes the course really mundane. i want to drop this one and take another one instead, but i just cant!
It was very useful course. This course is very time taking but the best and worth fullBut I'm not getting course certificate
very tough to understand ...use simple language to explain
I prefer a course that teaches the fundamentals of financial markets in an Objective manner.  Just watching the first few videos seems like you are pushing some type of personal ideology or agenda.  Though it may have good intentions, I personally would rather a course without alluding to your views of morality and how everyone should give away their money.On the contrary, I would argue that if wealth is created / preserved/ grown And kept within a family for many generations rather than fully donated to philanthropy, that family will likely not just sit on it under a mattress but it will "circulate" through the economy again anyway.  For example, if a family wealth portfolio is kept or managed at any one of the big banks or investment houses, it is essentially recirculating since it is not in a box but getting re-invested and so on.  Essentially just numbers in a spreadsheet at that point.. but numbers that may end up financing a poor family's mortgage, business loan, and of course the tax revenue to the state via tax on capital gains and dividends.Best regards.
I can't access the quiz 5 and beyond. I'd really like to continue, and to complete the quizzes. I'm finding it difficult to troubleshoot. It says that "the session will be unlocked when the session begins". When I click on the quiz it asks me to "reset my deadlines". (The deadline for the quiz is 7 Sep so I have time.) When I click on "reset my deadlines" the message is "Something went wrong. Please try again." That's been happening for over a week. I'm losing time. arrghghghgh . Any help would be greatly appreciated.Kerry McGovern
This couse seems to completely deviate from the main topic. it should include how to read the financial market closely, technical part of it like changes, how to assess multiple companies and track there movement. Instead of giving some stories of the Amercan area. I am deeply disappointed and it is not at all up to my expectation. The previous course that i did was remararkably informative and relevant.How to I unenroll without wasting my money! Please help.thank You!
NOT INTERESTING.COURSE CONTENTS AND NAME OF THE COURSE ENTIRELY DIFFERENT. CONTENTS ARE TOO WIDE.
Poorly structured and clearly not thought through or designed for the online format 
The course is horrible. There are no proper explanations. Seriously horrible. 
I have paid amount but the certificate was not got can please respond fast.
Not a good course. Please don't recommend to anyone.
there is no translate to Arabic 
Not relevant with name.
Mr. Shiller is a nice professor, but this course has many flaws so I did not complete it. First of all, it's almost entirely focused on the U.S. situation, so it's not really suitable for worldwide users.Then, it's quite disorganized. Lectures don't follow a logical thread and are put in a confused order. Quizzes have even some questions completely unrelated to the material of the previous lectures. I think Yale should provide better courses. Moreover, it's quite old (2016) so it's not updated to current events. 
I give the course a 2-2.5. I've graduated with a Bachelor's in Finance and wanted to try a coursera course to expand, or reaffirm, my knowledge of various topics. I did relearn a handful of concepts and learn more about other topics. But, it makes more sense as an intro class. As others were saying, I guess the course is taken from a full course, so the videos are snippets and do not provide a full understanding of all the topics.The slides can be put together better (too wordy and/or provide a reference guide on what was covered in the entire lecture). I had the videos on 1.5x-2.0x speed as the prof spoke slow so I can see why people were annoyed by that. If anyone has taken a course on Investopedia, they do it better. They provide exercises frequently, notes, and make the content engaging and easy to follow. Maybe check out Investopedia for a small range of courses.But to answer who this is for.. Someone just starting in Finance. If you had years of Financial markets in college, you do not need this. Or if you take it for free, look at the various videos and watch those as there are some informative videos on areas I haven't learned in college. But overall, not really engaging, kind of thrown together, no resources/notes just slides and closed captions as text. Would be better if topics were broken down, slides were more appealing, notes/guides provided, and different exercises throughout each lecture (the aggregate of all the individual videos).
The videos are part of a real university course but are only snippets of lectures. The arrangement is bad. The instructor is very knowledgeable but often hard to follow. I reached week four but dropped out. I have learned quite a lot but I dont think my knowledge is going to stay for long because I only understand small  individual parts of lessons enough to pass the normal quizzes and have a ~50% on the honors quiz... Everything is quite a mess. :(Professor Shiller has won a Nobel prize and I look up to him for that, but this course was just not planned well at all.
Lots of content seems to be cut out from the original lectures. There are cases where the questions in a certain quiz are related to lessons a few weeks in the future. The quiz questions are not very well designed compared to other courses on Coursera. 
Cuts up lectures and feels very disjointed, bounces from concept too concept too quickly. 
To many discussions... not really a financial course
Good content but Presentation is quite rambling
Though the course is provided by one of the most esteemed university and professor, the "Beginner Level" tag on the course is highly misleading. I wanted a systematic introduction to financial linguistic and subsequent up-gradation of difficulty level, but what I experienced was a highly intellectualized lecture from the very beginning.This course is best suited for individuals who have a prior knowledge and understanding of the subject, otherwise the entire lecture will sound alien and unorganized to the beginners.I urge the Yale management to revise the misleading "Beginner Level" in this course. 
I am shocked that the course gets such high reviews. This is my third course with Coursera, but I don't think I will finish it (the other two I completed and gave five stars). The instructor often fails to introduce new or challenging concepts. When he does so he fails to explain them with the care and precision necessary for the learner to operationalize the idea. For a beginner course, this one really misses the mark. My sibling was also taking the course and we agreed on the course's shortcomings. It's a shame, because Professor Shiller obviously has a lot of knowledge.
By all my due respect, it was hard to follow the instructor. The vital and important pieces of information were lost during the lectures due to confused and spontaneously mixed speeches. The lectures was not constructed properly to go from stating a theory, then presenting arguments and then coming to a conclusion.Nevertheless, I completed this course with a higher grade thanks to my previous university education.Sorry, if I may seem to be tough.
Overall great for wanting to understand more about the basics of the financial markets. However, the course content focused way too much on history and very little practical use. There are some videos where the lesson gets cuts over to the students having a conversation with he lecturer. That does not seemed to be a very smooth transition.
This course doesn't provide the fundamental element and the basis of financial markets. It is a collection of novels about financial markets and istitution
I didn't get any certificate after my court were completed.i complete 2 of the courses in Coursera but I didn't receive any certificate 
Professor seems to skip a lot of essential information and he is pretty hard to follow. Definitely an academic and not a instructor.
As per my opinion this is course is not much effective
I am so sorry to say that the "animation" makes this course impossible to get through. Imagine your lecturer but without eye contact, without body language or the slow pacing across the front of the room, without the subtle human connection we take for granted. Instead he is replaced by the same 5 drawings repeated ad nauseum against the same stagnant background. Add some literal nausea by slowly zooming in and out for no reason and some obnoxious sound effects to drown out the speaker which in no way improves the his otherwise calm and deliberate lecture style.I've taken a couple classes with Coursera, including a Paul Bloom Course I enjoyed immensely. This the first course I've spent money on. I deeply regret not watching a couple videos before purchasing the course. 
If i wanted to watch cartoons, then i would pick Disney!
Didn't get what i was looking for. Course is boring at many places with unusual content 
I was excited about having the course with an animation but animation is very distractive and not related what he is explainig most of the time. Also animation have  unnecessary movings on the sceen which doesn't need listeners attention to any point.. I was/am very interested learning psycology but this course with that animation is not helping at all.  I can not follow what he is saying. It would have been better if the animation was effective and connected with the saying. Watching him and having some slights when necassary would work better than getting distracted by the teachers unnatural hand, head movements and zooming in/out the screen on the animation. I couldn't get into the subject yet...
It is impossible to take seriously a course in psychology where Freud is discredited in this radical way...Although very understandable in the case of catholic university.
More like intro to psychologists. Teach me about the brain, not about theories that don't even hold true in reality.
Irrelevant stuff mixed. I am looking for something which has less stories, is to the point with quality stuff.
poor animation and presentation
GOOD COURSE BUT TOO COSTLY
Please tell me that how can I get free certificate?
Thanks my letting me partake in this.
Although I found the content to be very good and somewhat interesting, it was not presented well.  I found the videos very boring and the readings to be not very engaging.  I feel like if the videos and readings were better, I would have had a better takeaway from the course.
I have completed the course yet I didn't receive my certificate for the same. I had applied for the financial aid which was approved still the link for the sharable certificate is not displayed.  Please help.
visual are cool, but very superficial
Content was interesting and course offers a good overall introduction into psychology. Course was well structured. Some concepts seemed out dated and presentation of materials also seemed bias. Presentation and video animation were absolutely horrible and hard to get through. Speaker's voice was very monotonous, coupled with video styling, was extremely boring.  It's a shame because the content is very good and you can see the speaker is very passionate but it just doesn't come through in how it's presented.
It is a good course for someone who has no clue about psychology but for someone who is already familiar with some concepts its a bit vague and not that informative.
This intro made no mention of Freud or Jung, both of whom I'd like to study more about. They were pioneers. How could you forget this pertinent info? 
Animated video made this course boring.Still informative
I did not find this course helpful. The assignments seem to ask for more info that you've been taught in any of the videos. My analogy for the course is this: It's like making a newborn baby watch a video on swimming and then throwing it into the ocean and acting shocked when it doesn't know how to swim. The mentors in the discussion forum are condescending and do not help when you don't understand the terms they are using. I would not recommend this course for beginners.
I got a 95% and maybe I learned something but I can honestly say it wasn't because I watched the videos - the professor is seriously disconnected. Programming for "Everybody"? I know what I want to do with programming, but all the examples and small programs you write in this course give you no idea of what of someone outside science and math will ever use programming for. 
Two weeks of all sort of nonsense, including macarena, Harry Potter, sorting hat, videos of meaningless travels and lots of self-promotion. Pure crap that doesnt worth anybodys time. When theory started on week 3 it was confusing, boring and as time is life I decided to quit.  It shocked me that a serious university like University of Michigan has a clown on its payroll.
We tried to use this class to teach a brown bag lunch for our employees interested in programming.  Python is a great language but this class has a very low content to volume ratio (nobody wants to watch the instructor meet his life-time idol at a trade-show or watch the Intel versus AMD melt-down commercials over their lunch break).
To be honest, I thought the course stumbled and fell short.  It was too basic and slow paced.  The tone was a bit immature at times, and perhaps appropriate only for a grade school level classroom--not something for working professionals.  And it's certainly not mature enough or challenging enough for a university class.  Even if the goal were to teach those with no programming experience, it could accomplish that  while providing more content, and making the content relevant. Is the course worth the price?  Hell no.  If you do pay, you may feel very cheated at the end.  The entire course can be reduced to 3 pages of notes.  One would be better off checking into other free, online tutorials.    I'm not sure about the value of the videos titled "Office Hours."  They all appeared as self-promotional behavior from the professor, as if to say, "hey look how great I am making this video in Paris."  They're really nothing more than that.  In one video, he corners a guest speaker at a conference, who appears annoyed after a few minutes and gives the professor a polite brush-off:  "other people here would like to talk with me too."  After all of these videos, you will ask yourself, "okay, why did Severance make me watch that?"  "What was the point?"  And you'll shrug your shoulders and say, "another waste of time."
Most vague info, assignments don't even have  anything to do  with the videos, and the videos are not helpful because they don't give any examples. Terrible, and extremely hard. I do not recommend this course to beginners, or to anyone for that fact. 
I am very disappointed with this programming course. The course lacks detail and deepth and could be taught in 45 to 60 minutes instead of 7 weeks. The quizzes and assignments were to easy and basic (solved in less than 5 minutes) and definitely not enough. Annoying was the overuse of colours in almost every video (almost everything was coloured - highlighting everything is just as usefull as highlighting nothing, green box with white text inside - did you try to read that on a different monitor than yours?), the pointless and useless doodles, smilies and whatsoever, wasting my time by watching you dispose your teabag/drinking tea or coffee/talking about your mug/etc., why do you even need to drink in a 20 minute-or-less video. The Tutor tried to loosen a dry topic. Mostly it wasn't my humor but I can live with that. I had hoped for more :(
This course has been dumbed down so much that no moderately intelligent person should be subjected to it.  Coursera really needs to rethink its approach to teaching.  I can only express my sympathy for those were seduced into actually paying for this course.
This Course is bad! I try to ask for help and then mentors only reply with I cant help you because of the Honor code. Well tat doesn't sound like much of an honor code to me. Of course I am doing my own work duh! I just need help. Dont we all need help from time to time. I think Coursera needs a lot of improvement. I am extremely dissatisfied with Coursera and this course but especially the mentors and their lack of mentoring. Education should be uplifting and positive and an area where individuals can ask question and receive help and not be scolded for asking help or asking questions like a beat down dog. I mean really I think Coursera needs to go take some hints from a real school or university and seek information on education and how it is best when students teach each other and If I can ask for help and learn from others and give then the opportunity to help me that whats the point of a discussion board. Do away with the discussion board or change the way the honor code is written. Yes I agree with Honor and doing your own work but come on. Help and tutoring is a valuable part of education and necessary to learning! Please make the necessary changes to better Coursera and make it a more positive educational experience. I mean please I am trying the best I can with what I have got and no one seems to want to help me learn and improve on my skills and my understanding. Make changes and make them now.Another reason I hate this course Is that Coursera does not believe in people helping one another. Then the mentors cant even explain how to work through the problem. The menotrs make things more stressful than they need to be because the dont give help or hints or clues. People need to talk to people on the phone or in person or the instructor needs to give better examples so people can better figure things out on their own. I just think Coursera is crap and this has been a very unpleaseant experience for me. Then on the discussing board i see others struggling with the same things and the mentos dont help them. People are pleading for help and not receiving any guidance or direction to help them figure things out. Things need to change with this program. They need to change soon!
 If I were to compare the quality of this class to something I would say that this class is like a Chess class that spends 30 minutes explaining how pawns work and then asks you to move Knight to C3. "Wait, what piece is the Knight? How does the Knight move again? What's C3? Help!"  That's basically what you will get out of this course.This class is not a good choice for someone starting from the ground up. It's no so much that it doesn't cover entry-level concepts, rather it fails to elaborate on these concepts. The feedback from the quizzes doesn't point you in the direction where you can learn from your mistakes.Likewise the assignments are often two steps ahead of the video, meaning that when error messages pop up in the auto-grader there is no way to figure out where you can learn what you did wrong. the videos will cover steps a, b, and c but the assignments expect you to know steps d, e, and f. This leaves students to discuss the answers in the forums or on other sites which I understand is frowned upon. However for "green as grass" students this is the only way to get anything done. And when students try to explain how the code actually works to each other their threads get locked down, only cryptic and vague responses to issues will remain.  That is abysmal.When I seem to get more help from other students in the comments than from the moderators in the forum, that is an issue. And lets talk about the moderator, there is only one. One for how many students? One for how many questions? Even if there was just 5 more people answering in the forums it would greatly improve the quality of this class. And those moderators should do more than just refer students back to the book which often provides insufficient information to tackle a problem. This class needs to be reviewed extensively.  I wouldn't recommend this course to anyone fresh that wants to try to learn code. 
i feel this isn't a course for beginners it should be for intermediates as i found the exercises very hard and moreover the instructor teaches basic stuff and the graded assignments are tough before some assignments he doesn't even discusses those type of problems. All i'm saying is anybody taking this course as a beginner without any prior knowledge in programming ,he/she would be discouraged.
Very simple, very slow. For someone with programming experience it is a drug, for someone new to programing (I am thinking my son) not very captivating. 
Too easy of a course, completed in a day without much effort... And didn't really get as much out of it as I thought I would.
It does not worth a penny to spend time in this course. 
Time wasting & rubish
This is most definitely NOT for "Everybody."  The lectures by Severance are great; but, if you get stuck on an assignment, don't expect straightforward, polite direction from the forum and it's TAs.  I was shocked by how negative some of the responses were that I received from the TA.  I got stuck on a problem.  When I ran the program on my Mac, I got the desired result.  When I ran the same program on the automatic grader, the program failed.  The TA said that I must have run the wrong program on my Mac.  No, I did not.  I ran the program so many times, I know that I wasn't running the wrong program.  I needed help "getting over a hump" and there was no help.  As a busy professional, I don't have the life of a full-time student filled with numerous hours to try to figure out where I'm making a mistake.  I need direct communication telling me where why my program is failing and why, so I can learn and move on.  That was NOT provided in this class.  "Clues" were given in the forum, but I don't have time to play games with snarky TAs.  I'll find a course that IS for everyone, but this one is NOT it.
This coursera team has given me a night mare today. The course is superb and the tutor is also very good. But the thing is regarding their prices. I purchased this entire course(5 courses) for 49$ initially. But later I thought of applying for the financial aid for the entire course. I applied and waited for 15 days to receive the status. After 15 days the financial aid is approved. After completing the first course in this 5 course part it is asking me to purchase another course for 79$. Team please remember one thing any one would apply for financial aid to seek help from you.  Not to keep burden. I cannot apply for the financial aid again as I was in my last semester and I want to complete the course asap. Now I was in total confusion and they totally betrayed me. So the next four courses would cost me 79*4=316$ and my first price for all the 5 subcourses is 49$. Just compare yourself. This is totally unacceptable.
This course is absolutely pathetic. The instructor is condescending and there is very little that you can learn from this course. The course is structured poorly. Short videos that have very little connection with the actual course material are thrown around the course structure. There is no continuity because of these videos. This is definitely not good quality material on python for beginners. Do not be deceived by the high rating of the course. You will be disappointed.
Very brief and inadequate for a $50 investment.I am very disappointed that the course was, surprisingly and unexpectedly cut off in the middle of the already too short beginning course. Even more cash required to continue. Compared to online free resources available, definitely not worth the investment.  I wish I had my money back to put to better use.I am surprised even further by all the online positive reviews that encouraged me to start with Coursera.Mark London
While the lectures were a little slow about providing information, they were entertaining.But I feel very mislead about the costs. The lecturer repeated over and over how everything is free but, in the end, only the first course in the series is free. Then you must pay a monthly fee in order to go on. I would not have continued with the first course if I'd known that was all there was going to be. 
I decided not to pay for this course.  They make it almost impossible to cancel.  After thoroughly searching and searching on how to cancel I finally was able to.  A few days later they charged my card anyway.  Of course they say no refunds, but I tried to call and complain anyhow.  Well, I couldn't find anyone to call or even email.  I feel like this is all a scam.  Not cool.
Pacing is terrible, too much bloat content, and concepts are not explained in an accurate or useful way. For example, the professor talks about "talking to Python." This metaphor doesn't make sense and doesn't convey how programming actually works. It is frustrating that something as elegant as programming is taught in such a sloppy and condescending way.
I must not learn well by video or align with the teaching methods. I really had to work through my own understanding and application of Python that I think we kept at a very general brush. I wanted to learn to learn Python for my work in baseball and statistics but it didn't meet the standard. 
Too much 'noise' in the teaching videos. Number of words could be at least 5 times less with the same learning content.This type of videos makes it really hard to follow a course since it teaches you not to give attention, since 80% of the videos is noise.Needs a lot of cleanup.
This course is way too slow  and boring. I am disappointed I have paid so much for so few content here. Why a full specialisation cycle when one or two courses would probably have been more than enough ? Too much distraction as well, with "funny" videos that I had to pay for...
The class is very very basic for the offered price. Not suitable for someone from Computer science background looking to learn Python as this can be done with couple of hours of self study. Not sure why Coursera would make such begginers class mandatory for the specialization. 
Videos. Lots of videos. It's essentially like watching a YouTube montage, but far less entertaining or informative. No hands-on exercises, with very simple assignments and tests. (Although tests and assignments shouldn't be difficult at this level). 
If you plan to purchase this course, enjoy, but the course isn't really free.You can watch the lectures, but you must pay to unlock the python playground. There's no real point to the course if you can't test your knowledge. 
The teaching is very bad. It is a basic manners not drink coffee/tea while teaching on the video. Also the explanations are very general and doesn't feel like programming class but feels like some fish market. 
"
Pretty bad as far as I am conerned. I spent two days clicking back and forth and listening to a lot of talk that taught me nothing. Sorry about that, but there are better courses on the Internet than this one.
"
Trivial course.  This 7-week course can be easily completed in an hour.  I learned nothing from this course that I did not already know about python.  This course is strictly for beginners.
Here in the certificate  written "an online non-credit course authorized by University of Michigan and offered through Coursera"so there is no credit  then ,it is not benefit to me
I got really bored with the class. In the beginning, my goal was to write a computer code but the first week was only about the business side. Maybe I'm more hands on.
Suddenly thrust into Windows command lines. Incomprehensible. The course advertisement stated that no prior experience is necessary -- not so! Enormous waste of time.
I singed up for this suppossed free course and now I got charged 44 euros. I do not want this and I demand a refund. I had already cancel all my subscriptions.
Only for those who are new to everything involving computers. If you know how to turn your own computer off and on, look for a more advanced course than this.
I did like this course however it is very very basic. I think it should have been merged with course 2 as the course contents are as good as one week work.
It is not that much useful, because there is no that much content to implement new things.So change that immediately otherwise it is waste of money.
The title of this class should have read "Programming for Anybody that already knew a decent amount about basic Programming(Continuing with Python)"
Course did not meet my expectations. I would not have paid the $80 for it knowing what I know now. I also found the lectures to be not very helpful. 
After week 4, it says upgrade to submit but I have financial aid for this course and it still says upgrade to submit for the assignment.
Great introduction and the instructor is very charismatic, but the material wasn't sufficiently taught for completing exercises.
Not clear enough to be introductory. There are better and free videos on YouTube. Not at the level I was expecting for the "M".
Its very bad for me that it is a non credit course shown after i have completed this and i have got certifiate of nkn credit
Excuse me , I done a mistake,I kindly request you to unenroll me from this course.                   Thanking you
This is not a start, at the end of the course, you still can't use python. And even the tools don't work properly. 
Bad, no interaction. I'm billed without ordering. No way to contact CourserA !Bad, bad bad ... this never again.
the course covered very little topics of python (20%). Giving 7 weeks is a waste of time to learn basic things. 
i had technical problems with both coursers's online system and also with the 3rd party online coding tool
The teacher approaches the students like a naive pal. Completely unprofessional and noneducational .
I don't get my certificate till now this is very disappointing please provide me my certificate
Auto Grader is very bad. Keeps giving indentation error. Lots of time wasted due to that.
the name on my certificate is not correct then what is use of learning this entire shit!
Por favor pueden ayudarme para cancelar este curso, no lo voy a tomar por el idioma.
  Poor feedback and advice with those who really do not know of programming. To shame!  
Not user friendly and the presentatation is very difficult including the navigation
Course is not good and interactive course instructor will not respond any queries 
Better off using Udemy, more organized, cheaper and better instructors that way.
Hate this class, I wasted 200 bucks on this crap and now I am stuck taking it...
  Horrible TAs. They should all be changed. They are extremely rude and annoying.  
There is too much time spent on stuff that isn't programming.  It's maddening.
I had not recieved certificate of my name although profile is of my name
Its very basic and u can find 100% of the stuff on YouTube for free
dar raddhi course hai mere bhai .kuch toh pda 7 week ka course
Verification process  is  big issue for getting certificate
I had cancelled this subscription but still I got charged.
homework is badly designed. it covers too little materials
My name was incorrect   so pls do correct kunar to  kumar
I am not learning much just learning about the professor
last assignment was tricky and was not able to answer 
Signed up accidentally. I want to unenroll but can't
confusing- never really got off the ground with it.
Very slow class, a lot of repetitions in the videos
Too simple. Uses the same example over and again.
Didn't learn anything new. Too much of chit chat.
Can't participate in assignments unless you pay
the pattern is very very bad. i hate coursera. 
did my force of some katavaru,mutal in tamil 
Lectures are poorly prepared and unfocused
hard to understand and complete the quiz. 
Please provide an option to unsubscribe.
Teaching staff unhelpful and not polite. 
very basic course even for beginners
explanation is less about the topics
Please increase the depth of course
There are no subtitles in Russian.
I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
uses and ancient version of python
its not letting me unenroll :l
Thr podcasts doesnt not work .
too long for few information
make the other courses free
worst quiz structures ever
Unnecessary lengthy course
not interested in continung
Is there a way to cancel?
Still canny program. 0/10 
where is my certificate?
Worst course ever seen
cheating with charges
unable to un-enroll. 
Quite stupid, sorry. 
Very slow pace, might be good for totally beginners BUT if you know anything about CS or programming it will be too slow for you.
The course material is fine. In fact its good. However I completed the entire course in 4 hours. Whilst I have some basic programming experience I am by no means an expert. There really is very very little material in this course. The assignments are also very simple and automatically graded. The course fees are not particularly transparent. I think the course is FAR too expensive for the content provided. All of the other reviews I have seen for this course are a single line such as 'I liked the course a lot' or something equally vacuous and unhelpful. If you are a beginner I would suggest trying 'Python for the absolute beginner' by Michael Dawson. If you have ANY programming experience, you might be better with a more advanced course.
The teacher is likeable and the introductory videos really hooked me on the course. However, as a complete beginner, I was very put off by the way that the graded assignments had very little link to the content 'taught' in lectures. In fact, the lectures seem to ramble from one thing to another rather than having the teacher sit down and give step-by-step examples on how to code. Therefore, most of what I learnt was through the textbook that is provided for free anyway, so I may as well have taught a lot of it to myself. After the first few lectures, I stopped feeling as though I was being treated as a beginner, even though this is supposed to be 'Programming for Everybody'. Honestly, a bit of a let down.
This course is a first time programming class using Python. This is not what I was looking for. I wanted an introduction to Python for someone who knows a some programming already. Also, this teaches Python 2, which no longer cuts it, especially for an intro class where you'll be taking further work. It may have made sense when this class was done 3 years ago. It does not now. The teacher was very lively and engaging, and I would enthusiastically recommend taking an online class with him, but the class is out of date and not what I was looking for. 
I work in lesson design and blended learning teacher training. I train teachers how to combine effective teaching practices with technology in K-8 classrooms. There is lots of room for improvement in this course. I would not recommend it to someone with no experience. I have no experience in coding, and did well in this course because I went to other sources to answer my questions and fill the knowledge gaps in this course. Though the instructor was great. He seems very passionate.From a teaching/pedagogy standpoint the scope and sequence was poor. It went from extremely broad (defining computer parts) to hyper specific (defining variables in python) really quick. There was no information between on the practical pieces of what python is, what it looks like on our computer, and how we interact with it.It feels like multiple people got together to build the course, but after it was finished they never came back to say Heres where we didnt communicate, lets edit these things.There is a HUGE disconnect between writing python programs and running them vs. running the actual python platform and typing commands line by line. The most frustrating thing was that every example in the course was given as a line of code in the python platform with the chevron prompt, and every single assignment was about writing a program in the text editor and the running the program. I didnt realize these were two completely different things until about week 6. PLEASE ADDRESS THIS. Make it clear for future students that this is a thing. Go over how to use both, and the benefits and drawbacks of each. Make it clear that your examples are taking place in the command line python platform, but our homework is writing programs and saving and running them. I didnt understand the use of the type function until I realized this discrepancy. This was so confusing.Some of the quiz questions were very specific questions that were mentioned for about a second or never explicitly made clear. Some of the ideas that were emphasized or mentioned multiple times in the same lecture video (seemed important) were never asked on the quiz. I can give examples of both. I learned some stuff, but overall I would not recommend this course without pointing to the discrepancies. I would say there are multiple obvious areas for improvement and multiple gaps in knowledge that I filled from other sources. I could give more specific examples, but I feel like I already wrote quite a bit.
  To be honest, I thought the course stumbled and fell short. It was far too basic and slow paced. Considering how little is taught, even for a beginner's course in Python, it could hardly be described as college-level material.The tone was a bit immature at times, and perhaps appropriate for a grade school level classroom--not something for college students or working professionals. Even if the goal were to teach those having absolutely no programming experience, the course could accomplish that while providing more content by doing the following: keep up the pace of the lectures, give better (more relevant) coding examples, and remove the portions of the lectures that are irrelevant to the course objectives.Is the course worth the price? Hell no. If you do pay, you may feel very cheated at the end. The entire course can be reduced to 3 pages of notes. One would be better off checking into other free, online tutorials.I'm not sure about the value of all of the videos titled "Office Hours." They look like nothing more than self-promotional behavior from the professor, as if to say, "hey look how great I am making this irrelevant two-minute video in Paris." They're really nothing more than that.In one video, Severance corners a guest speaker at a conference, who appears annoyed after a few minutes and gives a polite brush-off: "other people here would like to speak with me too." It's obvious that Severance didn't set up the interview beforehand or warn the other person that he was going to be videotaped. Things like that make the professor look naive, unprepared, and unprofessional. After all of these videos, you will ask yourself, "okay, why did Severance make me watch that?" "What was the point?" And you'll shrug your shoulders and say, "gee, thanks for wasting my time  again."  
Not the greatest Python course in the world. Teaching seems unprofessional and disorganized, technical issues are common, and the discussion forums do not offer much value, as you cannot discuss your code with your peers, and the forum staff are more than often unhelpful. The exercises are unoriginal and do not require much creative thinking - often it's enough to copy & paste code from the lectures and change a few variables around! You're better of looking for other Python beginner courses on the Coursera platform, as well as on other platforms. The only thing I liked about the course were the interviews with people behind Python, but otherwise the course does not facilitate deeper learning and is not engaging.
Extremely basic. I wouldn't even call this a full course. It's about half of an introductory course. I assume the pacing is to allow for people that may have difficulty with learning the language. I'm not certain that it has the depth necessary for those that may have difficulty though. If you are at all serious about learning to program, don't limit yourself to this course, or it's pacing. I would suggest researching every subject covered, to get a bit more depth, and moving through it at a brisk pace. If you take the pace suggested in the course, you're likely to have bought a new computer before you can program anything extremely useful.
Too much of unwanted explanation and unnecessary jokes. The course could've been shorter. The initial two weeks were an absolute waste of time. I wanted to learn Python programming, not CPU, ALU, and their functions. Experiences and interviews could've been set to be optional. For a suggestion, there's a 4-hr long video by Free Code Camp on youtube, with no ads. You could learn from that and chop off some unwanted stuff from this course. I gave 2 stars and not one cuz the activities were good which made me feel confident about my programming skills. Thank you :) Hope you take my feedback seriously and implement the changes suggested. :)
All the lectures are not clearly explained and a fresh person cannot understand few things and even in the assignments not mentioned properly what has to be done and if not how to solve them and how can you imagine the learner knows all the terms related to web or the particular language..? you need to explain the new terms which you use in the lectures and the lectures should be elaborate and should stress more on the basic things like abcdefg here you need to explain a in detail b in detail c in detail so on then after in the next lectures you can move fastly.Not satisfied. 
Well suited for those who have never programmed and have never used Python. The lessons go over the hardware and software of a computer to focus a little bit more on the first steps in Python on week 6 and 7 but for those who would like to get to the point and learn Python It's too long and slow (I had to speed up the videos) and by the end, you only know a little bit about the basics that you could've learned in 15 minutes online especially for those who already know loops conditions and functions in other programming languages.
As an experienced programmer, I am unimpressed.  The assignments cover a good set of tools; conditional execution, looping, "hello world".  But, variables and files are poorly named.  Comments are lacking.  Overall, the presentation looks rushed and unpolished.  Code looks like it was hobbled together until it worked and never edited for clarity.  If someone I cared about wanted examples of good programming, I would tell them to avoid this.
Sense of humour is off-putting. Tone is unnecessarily childish ("Python is yelling at you"). Key ideas are unmotivated (just trust me, functions are useful!). Includes line of code impossible to understand in earlier videos  (e.g. loops appear in earlier weeks). Office hours just seem like professor showing off all the places he goes to.  I enjoyed the interviews with people discussing their work or history.
Unfortunately, even so I liked the instructor (my plan was to complete all five courses of Programming for Everybody, becuase 3 last courses seemed interesting to me) and I am sure that he can teach many useful stuff, I found the course messy in its structure and slow in pace even for beginners and I wouldn't recommend someone it, because feel that I would be confused if it was my first programming course.
It is good for a non programmer to start from here and move in the world of computers. But if you are a computer engineer or have any basic knowledge of python, i will strongly suggest to not opt for this course. because it is very basic and not very useful for someone who already has basic knowledge in python. Consider taking the advance level courses in this domain. 
Its too easy. The exercises and quizzes are too simple to solve. Once can easily read 4-5 chapters from book in a single day and can complete this course. I feel that the duration (5weeks) for this course is way too long. The concepts discussed could have been easily understood in 3 weeks (at max). Also, I think the fees is high for such trivial concepts.
Not a bad course, but not rigorous for someone really looking to learn Python. Suddenly jumping into try/except concepts is weirdly out of place, quizzes are dumb and don't really test knowledge, and only one simple coding example per week is far too limited. Strongly recommend GTx's Computing in Python (I-IV) for people that really want to learn. 
The course content is very good as well as the tutor. But I faced issues in completing the course. It was full of errors:- showing 100% of the course is complete and do other things to complete the course. Then the assignment 5.2 got bugged even after I completed and submitted it once it continued to show 'Try again'.
Course material is excellent. I've noticed a huge issue with this specific course, is the amount of Teacher Assistants and Teachers that help are very little. Reading in the forums the only place to get assistance people are left with no help this is very frustrating and a waste of peoples time.
I did not find this course to be beginner friendly. As another commenter said, the assignment required more information than was taught. I referred to both the videos and books and still did not know how to do the assignments. However, I will say the instructor made the lessons interesting.
very basic python programming, and the 3rd party tool used to submit assignments was trivial and annoying. The makers of this course should have found it important the dive deeper into python, and should have wasted less time in basic concepts even for a beginner programmer. 
The course is kinda good but the professor teaching has made very long videos which are unnecessary. He talks a lot which is really not essential. The tests and assignments are good. But the long videos and unnecessary talking is disappointing!!!
Sorry, the professor has a genial & cheerful personality, but the program material is just too basic, and it takes forever to wade through it all. I will enrol in more advanced courses. My mistake, not yours, thanks for the opportunity.
Its good for in terms of theoretical  knowledge but if u wanna  have practical i'll suggest for finding some where else instead of these all though he is the founder of python but he is not upto the mark in terms of teaching    
The content of the 7 weeks can easily be covered in 1 or 2 days. This should be the content of at most 2 weeks. Also, this is a pretty basic course and good for those to gain confidence who have never done coding before. 
I guess, this course is really for people who want to learn programming. The python is sort of incidental. If you already know programming in other languages but want to learn python, then this course is a huge yawn.
It was informed that the course was for "mixed" levels and i actually consider that it is fitted for beginners. It's my opinion that some videos take too long to go to the point even for someone new on the matter. 
Useless Quiz and not enough Challenge Coding  Datacamp or codeacademy do a better jobOnly for absolute beginners(Others please try something else, you will waste your time learning nothing)
make assignments bit challengingand description of assignments was extremely ridiculous, no constraints on input and output and no test cases and even I didn't like code playground
This course hasn't been upgraded to Python 3. I've been following along using Python 3 code myself, but it's 2017, and Python 2 reaches End of Life in 3 years at 2020.
Far too easy and too expensive. I did this "seven week" course in about 2 hours.  I can get much more thorough instruction from Code Academy for free or low cost.
I've started this course after getting stucked on Interactive Python Programming Part 2 by Rice University and it super basic, I except more from the next course
It was too easy and very basic. Not challenging enough. but maybe I wasn't the right student for the class. The lectures are too slow and repetitive too.
It is too basic. Boring if you have ever programmed before. I would enclose the full content of this course into a week as part of the second course.
there's no way to get assistance if you're stuck on one of the exercises additionally there are no explanations for the multiple choice questions 
Video lectures are good but there are no solutions plus practicing is very less thats why not able to do assignments without help.
Not that good if you have experience with other programming languages.It's waste of time and money, you should take it as audit.
It is very well designed for total beginner of programming. But if you learned any language already, it is too too too easy.
whileIunderstandthiswas an introductory course, the after house vidoe and interviews I really thought were not relivant. 
Just an intorduction. Videos are long content is less. The videos must be precise and should contain useful content
The teaching could be a bit smarter. And the videos could be shorter and more accurate to avoid wasting our time.
For one who have info about programming some videos will be a little trivial. However good job keep the good work
A bit too slow on progressing to actual code examples for my tasteWell, then again it does say 'for everybody'
I knew R and was looking for an intro to Python. If you already know some programming this class is too basic.
Material is very basic for anyone with even the smallest amount of programming experience. Very slow pace
This course is for ABSOLUTE BEGINNERS. It is not challenging and I passed it within two hours...
Too easy, even though I understand it's the first course of the series. But, great professor!
repeat the same thing way to many time. other then than i would say it is a 4 star.
Course content is not upto the mark.the level of this course is very much limited.
It have very less intent, it would be great if more topics added to this course.
The videos ramble too much which makes it hard to really dig into the material.
bad and tricky examples. It is less than a day's work even for a beginner
Very good  Programming skill in this.i learning much more things in that.
very easy... it is about 3 hour course and you are taking 7 weeks for it
very basic and the lecturer takes far too long explaining basic concepts
Videos were informative for newbies, but they were hardly professional.
Very basic course structure should have more materials and more topics
too basic, not a lot of info for 7 weeks. Lots of irrelevant material
the guy spends a lot of words to say simple things. sometimes boring.
i am already aware of the things taught.......not helpful at all
Too easy and full of straw (meaning thing not needed)
It's too difficult for a beginner course !!
all this course justified one class at top.
Extremely Easy but Professor is brilliant. 
I see lot of unwanted other than python
I think that this course was too basic.
this course is suitable for beginning 
Thanks to everyone in the coursera 
Too expensive to be that simple.
not as per expectation
too easy for cs major.
The pace is too slow.
Some parts of the course were informative.  Some were disappointing.  Replaying it in my mind now that I'm done, I feel that the course dwelt on the flaws of financial markets, rather than being an explanation of their workings.  It was an indictment of markets more than I would have expected, instead of being instructive toward them.  There was a section toward the end on "critics of finance".  Far less effort was made in defense of modern finance (a wonderful field).
The course is not that challenging, it could be better, with more challenging tests and assignements.
It's more of a course for the people who have prior knowledge on Finances. I wouldn't recommend it to laymen just looking for an introductory finance course. All in all, it was a good course.
Most of the description was about the back story of the topic and the ending was abrupt without a proper wrap-up. This was a little off-putting since the Rating of the course was quite high. The professor is good and his speech is quite clear and composed which is the reason for the 3 star rating.However, these mixed feelings have thrown me into a dilemma whether to purchase a certificate or not.
Topics are good. However the slides are not very well organized and include terminologies unexplained. Math and statistics touched in this course may be too fundamental for those who have a engineering/sciences background.Principles/Concepts: 5/5Math/statistics: 3/5Slides & materials: 2 of 5
I'd say it's overrated. Very US-centered (I did not know). The quizzes were quire arbitrary, some questions were completely irrelevant, in my opinion. Very little math, unfortunately, and the bit that was there was barely put to use or to the test. Meh, I had higher expectations.
It's informative, but not engaging.
Considering it is a beginner level course in Coursera, it's not really an introductory course. I find it somewhat predominantly behavioral finance, and most of the concepts were not well-defined or explained. The available downloadable powerpoint lectures aren't that meaningful. Lectures involving mathematical formulas were not even explained with sufficient effort, so you end up researching about it yourself. Prof. Shiller is an awesome lecturer, but there were times when I didn't understand what he was talking about at all. It feels a bit more intermediate, so the good thing about this course is you acquire some advance concepts in finance and Prof. Shiller has really shared some wonderful insights about finance during Salon discussions. Honestly speaking though, if you're looking for something really fundamental about Finance then this is not the course for you. You are better off taking Finance and Capital Markets at Khan Academy. Otherwise, a non-credit course certificate from Yale sounds good too, I guess.
Professor Shiller is no doubt brilliant, but the style of presentation leaves a lot to be desired.  This is not helped by the fact that so many videos end abruptly, usually halfway through a sentence. I also found that the actually interesting information on financial markets was tucked away in the last few modules - the rest of the course is more focused on economics theory and statistics - something that could be made clearer on the course information page. 
The course intends to talk about a lot of topics in an insufficient time without enough explanations and examples. It is really hard to catch up for someone without a finance background. It does not make any sense to squeeze financial markets as a whole into a few hours if it's not possible. Maybe you should re-consider if this course can be taken by everyone regardless of having basic finance knowledge.
Robert Shiller is an excellent professor with a wealth of knowledge and experience. The concept specifications by Teaching Assistant Arun were helpful. The idea of showing other students' questions to Professor Shiller, was excellent. The course has advanced information which is sometimes too high-level for beginners to understand. Mathematical formulas are not explained much in detail.
I really would like to put 5 stars on this course, to premiate the quality of prof. Shiller's lessons. But i can't do it because many (too many) lessons were without subtitles, and for a non-english learner this became an hard annoying obstacle. I payied so much money for this and i've been very disappointed when i found so many lessons which i can't understand. 
I am enjoying the course. It has lots of deep details, information, previews and questions. The reason I am joining it is to expand the understanding of the recent marketing. I would really recommend to have more activities interns of calculations and questions based math. It is great to enrolled in such course!
I greatly appreciate having this course avaible for free,. though I suggest to improve it in two ways: a) the chapter's scructure doesn't seem  to fit an specific objective... several contents seem mixed up without logic, b) needs improved dynamics. Faster pace ! I lost interest early on the process
I think it gives a broad classic view of financial markets. However, I would like to have a course with more assignments, less multiple choices tests and more interactive parts.Also, the focus must be brought on innovation and on more on the future. I felt a bit that topics were outdated.
Great class if you are interested on regulation and psychoanalysis of the market. Professor goes into depth to explain the lecture and in awesome pace. I was looking for more how to analyze stocks in this class tho. Thats why I am rating 3 stars. 
Love Shiller and his perspective, but many of the lectures are not geared to online learning since the math pieces are not explained in much detail. Also the Salon segments are sometime not entirely relevant to the chapter.
Very Long, and fundamentally focuses on the USA share market. But as the course is all about financial market it may be focus on other countries as well. Thank You. Otherwise the courses materials and learning are useful. 
It was very informative but not exactly what I was looking for in terms of understanding smart investing. Nonetheless, I learnt a great deal. Thank you for your help!
it was a good introduction to the field og financial markets. Good if u don't know nothing. If you are expecting details, insight you should find anywhere else. 
The overall course was good, learned many things about finance, however I wish to get this lectures from another instructor in a more engaging way. 
It is too segmented, sometimes concepts are not clearly stated because of this. The overall result is good, but is a very basic course
I would have loved it more if it was more engaging. Group activities and much would have been much better for interactive learning. 
It's an alright course. I found it all over the place. The videos are cut very abruptly, and there's no structure to anything. 
the course is interesting,but robert shiller's method of teaching is not captivating and fails to capture interest.
I found the professor way of talking too much slow. Also, the ideas were not very cleared discussed. 
I don't feel I've learned that much doing this course. Perhaps my expectations were wrong
Its a bit hard for beginners. But you get to know various new concepts of finance
Not as I expected. Sometimes there too much information whichi is not relevant)
not able to understand what exactly the professor   want to explain  
It's  very useful  for my study  or future  occupation 
The parts about futures are not clear at all. 
Highly Informative but gets dull over time
Not as in-depth as I'd hoped.
not really engaging 
The course is very basic.
lot of things learned, its use
The course states it is meant to be for everybody but the frequent mention of error messages and how they are not meant to judge the student makes me thing it is meant for teenagers or a generally young audience. Some concepts are introduced very quickly and without the proper background. The exercises are mostly on the easy side and they do not build on each other (example: functions are introduced in a class but not used in the following exercises). This ends giving the impression that the course is not well structured and does not try to make the student find synergies between concepts.While this can work somehow for most of the course, the last week sees the introduction of some very advanced concepts (None and IS) which are just barely touched, leaving the student to have to search for information outside of the course. This is made worse by the overtly restrictive requirements of the assignments that use the autograder. The autograder does not let you explore potential pitfalls in your code, which are much better clarified by using the debugger (not introduced) or the python online visualizer (not introduced). I strongly advise to introduce one of these two tools in the course.
NB: I audited this course so did not get feedback on assignments. If you are a true beginner, and have no programming or computer experience whatsoever this course is for you. Dr. Severance explains the concepts VERY well using great metaphors and he's quite engaging. However, he takes an incredibly long time to do this and uses many many words and there are many mostly irrelevant videos. If you have any coding experience at all, you might find it better to download python and the free book (which is written in the same engaging style using the same conceptual metaphors) and go at your own pace. The book is really really fabulous and you don't have to listen to the lectures at 1.5 speed waiting for something useful.
Although the course pace was very well suited for a total beginner, I found the didactics of this course not so well-structured. The examples and starter codes caused quite some confusion, and the underlying coding principles were not made very explicit. I've finished an introductory Python course from the University of Toronto, and found that course much better structured. It gave me a level of understanding that I would probably not have reached by following the UMich course alone. 
Videos are rambling at points. Also, the code assignments are 1 and done per week. This means they don't nicely build upon one another and that they can be pretty unforgiving if you aren't ready to spit out the culmination of the week's lecturers in 1 go. The course would be better with more focused lecturers and multiple short code assignments that build on one another.
I feel that course should be split out for people with programming background and the first time Python programmers versus the first time programmers. There was too much repetition in some of the classes around basics of programming than python. Thanks!
If you have taken a C++ course in your life, it will take a 4-5 hors to finish this class. More exercises would compensate the low path of the course. 
All of the review I've read were that the course was great, so maybe it is me that was the problem.  However, as I would go through the written material, I would try to work the problems given as examples, and when they did not work, I was confused and wondered why the example given to teach us would not work.  I asked for help a number of times, providing screen shots of the results I got trying to duplicate what the example was supposed to show, and page numbers of where the example was presented in the course materials.  One former student basically said that I should not be trying to duplicate the examples, but just accept the concept they were trying to show.  Another did a good job of explaining one of my questions, but then all replies to my question ceased.  I decide to drop out of the class and try teaching myself, as I have done on everything I have learned about computers since my 1st computer in 1983.  I have been very impressed with other courses given by Coursera members, but this one was not one of them.  All of the other submissions praise the course, so maybe it is just me, but none of the other submissions mentioned any actual things the course had done - just that it was great.
This was the second Coursera Course I took.  Compare to me first one, this one was great.  It was much easier to get through.  I finished it in about a weekend.Given that, that's what I believe was its drawback for me, also.  Now, I will say, what I may have been seeking, or my expectations, I may get in my next Python course.  But, I simply felt the level of difficulty or rigor of the entire course could have been increased a step or two.  As in, have more HW programs to do, or longer HW programs to do.I do believe Dr. Chuck did a good job.  I do believe he held us back a bit, especially in the first couple of weeks.  But, he did a great job at preparing us for the HW problems.  His instruction was very pertinent to the HW.There were also 1-2 extra videos at the end of each chapter, which was a good break.  They weren't "computer instruction" nor problems to do.  They were there more for "computer entertainment" but definitely was pertinent to the course.  We probably didn't need them, or could have used shorter ones.In short, would I take another course from Dr. Chuck and from his group at Michigan?  Most definitely.
There were some great things about the course--the online book, the interesting and engaging lectures. But what was enormously frustrating is the last exercise. It didn't take me 1 hour, as suggested, instead took me 2 weeks. The TA/mentors were helpful about giving hints and answering questions promptly, but the hints were often vague at best , very opaque for someone without a programming background. They might refer you to a particular video or part of the chapter, but explain you can't do it the way it was done in the exercise. Hmm. Glad I did this course, but wish Dr. Chuck was available for actual office hours, or that there was a possibility for talking to someone.
Content: For me I would expect more accumulated knowledge, as I finished it in about 3-4 days per 3-4 hours a day, only due I was distracted. I think this content is possible to understand in one evening just skipping bonus videos and parts when Author loops for every possible loop of code . Maybe more exercises, even optional, with reading files, accessing to database, using libraries and objects. This consumed only 35% of my expectation for basic course.Author: This how videos should be presented. I like this style very much. I think, that even very beginners can understand this course.
Had a very tough time connecting the lectures to the assignments.  I found the hints to be more distracting than helpful.  Be sure you go through the course (the first two are free) before paying for it.  I had things beyond my control that got me behind a few weeks, so I'll likely quit at the end of this session, do some more of my own study and perhaps try again.  Perhaps others would find a few more intermediate assignments would be helpful?  Good job overall though, I am more than happy to spend my money on this rather than TV.  
The instructor didn't mention that the double or single quotes mean the same thing.  In addition,  I don't believe that the number of spaces in a line of code doesn't matter.  This was very confusiing.  Another confusing port of the course is that the instructor used sample programs that didn't make a lot of sense to a beginnier - for example, he showed a program that counted the max and  min number of words in a bunch of text.   We didn't understand the program - he should have used an easier program to make his point.  
There is some good material but the presentation seems a bit uneven; some parts are repeated many times at very slow speed while other parts, equally important, barely rate a word. The quizzes can be very searching and you really need to have paid close attention to every word (however quickly or slowly it passed by).I would have liked more practical exercises. The accompanying book is good and I am still looking forward to the other courses in the sequence which move further away from my limited knowledge of Python.
This course is a very basic introduction to Python.  I have coded in other languages and found myself skipping the lectures and just reading the book and working the exercises.  If I needed additional information I would use a certain YouTube resource (thanks Bucky) because his lectures are so much more useful.  Also, I'm not really sure why I can't start the next course and have to wait until the start date more than a week from now.  I can't seem to think of  a good reason for this.  
I like the sense of Humor of Dr. Charles. His teaches like someone of our age, like a friend, I appreciate that. The course will not be a burden on anyone. It's easy to follow along.The concepts taught are not taught in a structured way (although the way they are taught is good). My advice to the staff is that Structure all the similar things and explain them at one place. Some important and helpful things are left out.Overall, it's a good course for beginners.
I really struggled at the end, as the course seems to think that showing complete examples of code is somehow "cheating." I understand that I am expected to put the information together on my own, but the last chapter concentrated heavily on lists and loops, but the assignment only gently referenced them.  This is not how I learn.  Observation and repetition, not "I already showed you once." This is supposed to be for everybody, including noobs like me.
This is a course that would be helpful to complete programming novices. Any prior knowledge of programming is likely to render it useless to the student. That being said, a programming newbie should have no problem following it.The professor speaks slower than necessary. 1.75x or 2x speeds make the pace more manageable and is still easy to follow.In addition, it uses an old version of Python, which tends to make the exercises slightly annoying.
The course is well structured overall and covers the theory in a very detailed and comprehensible way. The one major flaw is that the practical exercises go too far beyond what is presented in the lectures. Looking at the forums, a significant amount of people seem to struggle with this. If more information was presented in the videos about what is expected in the assignments, that would make the course much more palatable. 
As of now it has been a cool.Anyone can learn it very easily. Although it is nice course to learn python programming but i think organizer should minimal the course duration to complete it.Apart from that overall concept of take the course is very logical and easy to learn yourself.And My recommendation if possible to add some more assignment so , that practice would be more perfect .As we know practice makes you perfect. 
The tutor is apparently very well educated and knows what he's doing, yet, it takes him more than it should to deliver a basic info. I know he's trying to deliver the piece of info to all levels of intelligence, but I think he should've focused on the main idea itself instead of sliding into side talks. Otherwise, the course is really good for beginners and I do appreciate the team's effort. Thank you so much. :)
The assignments are nice but not enough. People learning need tons of repetition to nail down basic skills. Rather than a single assignment at the end of the chapter, multiple smaller coding assignments/exercises would be more useful. I found that the quizzes were not that useful and that short coding practice to get repetition would be more useful. Overall a good course though. Lectures are easy to follow.
I wanted to get some basics of Python, but was rather disappointed by this course. It is incredibly slow, I really don't understand who might need a whole lecture to get the concept of functions or so. Probably, this course could work for children with low level of math and zero programming experience, but otherwise it is waste of your time. I added the third star just for the book which is good on its own.
It might be good for a person who has never turned on a computer before otherwise it is too slow and lots of repeated information. I just went through the assignments directly and complete the course in 2 hours. Even the first few videos I watched, I watched them with 2x speed. By the way, nothing personal to the professor who is a very nice person and provide you with all his teaching materials for free
The exercise questions seem hard to understand and if you could include more exercise problems would be very helpful for those who are unknown to programming and have taken up this course as it is known as the beginner's course. The concepts were explained very precisely and accurately just if you could have some more programming problems with solved videos after that it would be great. Thank you!
very fundamental, but the instructor is tiresomely talkative...for example, when he talked about examples, he compared each two numbers again and again, what I want to is the logic to find the max/min number, not 49 is larger than 9!!!everyone knows it !! he compared every number every time ....it is boring!!! I will not choose this course if there are other python courses open at this time!!
In general, it's very good!1) The interview and other stuff in the bonus video should renamed as optional or other names. It's misleading people to think bonus as materials related for the class. 2) As the name is programming for everybody,  will be better if some of the explanations or slides can be linked with daily life cases for people to understand the concept easily. 
Not enough material though for a full course. This whole course can be done in few hours by people with some experience in programming. Unfortunately this does not provide enough possibilities/assignments to deeply relate to the language and really feel comfortable in it (not even at the beginners level as is the aim of the course). Nice slow introduction though.
A good course. Concepts explained in a lucid form, and anyone with zero programming experience would still have no trouble in understanding the concepts. But me personally, found the pace a little too slow - and even after the whole course, the maximum we could reach was loops and iterations. Hope to do some real progress in the rest ones. Thanks Sir Severance!
I rate this course as a three out of five because I feel that during the 'worked exercise videos' it would be much more helpful if only the correct code was shown. It's very confusing to see the wrong code typed in and then the correct code. I think it would help students to more easily remember the function of code if  only the right code is shown in examples.
It is quite a little bit easy for me. Although it is an introduction class for beginners, I think it's better to give us more insights and more meaningful contents in the class. Sometimes, the professor talked too much about obvious topics. And of course, I like his humor. I just think that if there are more thing embeded in the class, that would be better.  
I'm sure this is a fantastic introduction for those with no prior programming experience, but as someone with even just a little bit of prior scripting experience, I found it extremely slow-paced. Rather than suffer through the lectures, I did DataCamp's Intro. to Python and then did all the quizzes & assignments for this class as extra practice.
This is strictly for beginners. If you have had little hands on experience in Python, you may not find it that useful, though it's good to rehearse a bit. Also this course was on Python 2, so try to identify the differences between 2 and 3. One concern is that Python installation steps are covered in every week's classes which is redundant one. 
3 star because Dr Chuck have covered everything that is necessary to know the theory about the python, but to learn this language more deeply  we should add more problems relating to programming this will give us a environment of more competitive coding helping in developing our skills many-folds.2 stars just to have more problems.
It was a little short and the quizzes and short assignments are too easy, so they do not really cement your knowledge of the programming concepts. I believe beginners should enroll in another Python course or self-study more on the side to fully grasp the concepts. Nevertheless, it was a good introduction to Python.
The last assignment did not work at all. There were random errors occuring, which sometimes could be solved by retyping everything, but sometimes e.g. using "try:" was given as a "bad input" error. Often elif was said to be wrongly indented, although it was not. Spent two hours trying to fix it, then gave up.
Everything seems good until the last week. The assignment was not easy. I got stuck for almost one week. I tried to contact the mentor via the discussion forum. The mentor was not helpful enough. This is a programming course. How do you expect students to pass this course without giving them enough clues? 
The course was very good overall but I would have often preferred for the lectures to be more on point. Some of the lectures contain lengthy introduction and gags,  which I am sure many students like. Personally, though, I would have liked it better if the lectures were more focused on the material. 
Dr. Chunck is great but there are subjects that were not covered in the text book or videos like list functions , and as I am new to Python and programming I had to download another book and a 6 hour tutorial to learn, which if it was not available I would probably failed the last assignment. 
Got learning Python and finished course early. Videos are a bit long and course length too long. It was also difficult to search sessions to find the specific areas. Next session is so far away that likely to forget what I've learnt. The quizzes and assignments really helped learning. 
On the whole it was good but the bonus materials could have been more informative and i did not even use the python and atom application which we were asked  to install at the beggining.it could have been even more informative neglecting all those office hours and all those
Very slow paced. I appreciate that it is bringing me up to speed for the next courses but I found the learning pace to be a bit slow with very simple test assignments. The practical code implementation assignments were great. I found they were an effective way to learn
The course assignments weren't challenging enough for me and lectures were too slow for my liking. But, I do understand that the course is more suited for people without prior experience in programming, so I have nothing to complain about. Good beginner course! 
This course was really good and helped me in getting started with python but content could have covered few more topics on try/except and other topics too .Course could better assignments and practise programs. Inshort the course should be more informative.
The final exercise it took a long time to figure out what the autograder would except.. My solution met all the requirements but still was ignored..  I finally came up with a variation that the autograder accepted but it was a long hour of trial and error.
It is a very simple and smooth course for new comers, i think it would be better to have more challenging tasks and more related to a real world, that's why i've put 3 stars. Practise is everything, so good tasks are the essential part of learning process.
The Chinese version substitle is very bad, it even doesn't complete, I hoipe u can fix it! But the content is pretty good especially for the begineers. However, the course is too easy, maybe you can improve the complexity of the assignments and the quizs.
If you don't know anything about Python then this curse for you. But, in this course some basic topic is also missing, but remaining all are vary good. If you are a beginners. i.e. you don't know the basic programming then this course for you. Thank You!
Its a good course for beginners. But Dr Chuck I think the lectures are too elementary for someone who is familiar with programming techniques. I am planning to do the entire series so I hope the program gets more challenging in the next few courses.
There must be more focus on coding ,i do like the course but sometimes its quiet tricky to solve the questions on the basis of video lectures ,so i think this is a negative point ......rest the course is good for every beginner level of programmer.
The content inside this course is well tought through. Questions and asignments holds high quality.If you haven't been in contact with Python before, this might be the first step for you, and when I say first step, then I really mean first step.
Hi My name is Kapil Raj and i am from India. This is the first course i have done from Coursera. Its an awesome course. Its a great course for someone who have just wanted to learn programming or have a little prior knowledge in programming.
The course is too simplistic in my opinion.  The entire 7 week course should be condensed into the first week - a single one hour lesson.  Still, I appreciate the time and effort of the course staff and thank them for providing the course.
I really like the main information I got with this course, but I think that it was too basic. I never learned any programming language before this course, but sometimes I felt that the teacher was going too slow on explaining somethings.
I am missing a little accompaniment by the instructor from the tasks to be carried out since I have to get sources from outside the program to solve them in the correct way. I hope that all this improves in the other courses. Thank you.  
This course deals with very basic stuff. Ideally, it will be useful with people with no prior programming background experience. Apart from getting syntax, it will not be much useful in the course who has prior programming experience. 
Course is definitely intended for a total novice and doesn't get too deep in the weeds.  Just a nice introduction to the most fundamental aspects of programming with Python for people with no previous coding background.
It was really detailed I liked it. I won't really recommend it for people who have experience in programming, because the material is very rudimentary, but I believe it is a perfect course for beginners to start with. 
The videos were very clear and helpful in my understanding. The lecturer Charles was very engaging. However the assignments are very difficult, and you will need a lot of perseverence to get through them and pass. 
A good course to understand the basics of Python, though there's no difference between the book chapters and the video lectures (lectures are basically readings of the chapters) - I expected more info in general.
With this course Python is explained in an easy way so that every beginner can able to understand and start working using Python.  Some more problems would have include for better hands-on with the launguege .
Very long but easy videos, lots of repeating material. I would not recmmend this course for someone who - like me - needs fast intro to python. However, programming assignments are good and so are the Quizes.
Amazing professor and very entertaining lectures! Only problem was that I wish there were MORE practice assignments. I often found myself completely lost during assignments. Overall good introduction course!
Too basic and too slow for an experienced C programmer, but explained the concepts clearly. Also probably a little formal description of various data types, arrays, strings etc. would have been more helpful.
This course is way tooooooo easy for me. I'm a PhD candidate in statistics.  I think it will be nice if I can have a diagnostic survey to test whether this course is suitable for me or not before the course.  
My Teachers of Delhi University Had Already made me capable of cracking this course in a day I am thankful to my teachers and Delhi University and of Michigan University for his excellent guidance and grace
Yes,It' may be good for beginners but although after doing this they may feel time wasted but ,If u have idea ofpython fundamentals  the do only assignment to save your time and also to get a Certificate
I like the professor and his message. But honestly, I felt that the chapters were enough to tackle the problems. I would love to have more graded problems to work through at various levels of difficulty.
Even though I feel the professor was clear in his instruction and explanation of the material, I feel the course could of used practice problems to help true beginners grasp and build upon the material.  
The assignment grading is a little bit disappointing since it only consider the user's input and matching the output results rather than grading online using internal inupts. This should be improved. 
The course was really good. I would have liked if  it had a lot more explanations discussing about possible cases and what not. The assignments too were really simple to 'test' my knowledge on Python
Needs more content. I don't recommend this course for people who have coding experience cause it is very slow paced and doesn't have intermediate or advanced content and is very very basic and slow.
The course is very good. But I think the course was made for them, who knew some of the other languages. The syntax was not explained properly. I hope that my remarks will be considered.ThankYou
Its good for its purpose, but I felt pretty unprepared for the exercises and things we were asked to program.  I guess it's not really for me even though I feel I'm pretty technologically savvy.
Interesting if you are a beginner in Programming. People with some programming experience would rather avoid that course, except for the Bonus videos interviewing the creator of python language
I liked the course, but I feel like there were not enough exercises so I had to go back and review videos in order to make it stick. It's not the same thing as working exercises or exercises.
The online python version is not working well. It often reports input error without specifying the type of the error. It also randomly reports error and would resolve itself when refreshed.
Helpful course, but there's one issue with it. The assignments in the later weeks can be really confusing and takes hours to complete because not much information given in the videos.
It is a good course for people first time programming on generally. One problem is week 2 because this week never will make completed for you and you lose much time to discover this.
This course is indicated to anyone looking for an overview of Python programming. All Assignments and Quizzes are quite simple problems. To be honest, I expected more of this course.
I like how the course instructor explained everything. It would have been nice,if I got to solve more assignments. I feel this courses lacks exercises which are to be by the student
Sometimes the material was not explained sufficient enough to adequately complete the assignments. I had to use YouTube a couple times to get a better understanding of the material.
The instructor could have explained the topic and focused on important ideas. He made the course look bigger than it really is. All in all, I have learned new things in this course
A bit basic/slow to start with. Covers fundamentals very well, and the textbook is excellent.Some of the slides are hard to read - the white text on fluorescent green particularly!
I believe the course was a great way to start learning about Python. Nonetheless, I felt there is a lack of explanation or follow up after we do the exercises on the PY4E website.
I believe programming need practice. I would prefer to have many many assignments, like 20 on each week, at least.  That's the best way to remember and get speed on simple things.
the course was good, structure was excellent and video lectures superb.Only shortcoming is the lack of assigments and practice material in the form of worked out question videos
Nice introductory course, quite easy though (took me 6 hours to complete the whole course including watching all the videos!)hopefully the next courses will be a bit tougher...
The concept is very good and the material when is going to the point, but there is a lot of extra videos of the professor travelling or interviews that doesn't add much value.
Very basic. Intended for people without any programming knowledge at all. If you have that however, you can cover course's scope in matter of minutes using online materials... 
This course is only for those who don't know anything about programming. To get hang of the basics faster, I would recommend the official Python docs. It was just not for me.
this is a very basic course and i am already pursuing my B.E. in computer engineering so i don't need to start from this basic course i will go towards specialization courses
It is wonderful for a beginner who knows nothing about programming. If you know programming of any other languages, you can spend a few hours and quickly finish this course. 
overall it was a good experience with this course in learning new things. the slides,videos and other discussion forums were good and instructor presentation was effective. 
This is a Basic cource with lot of interactive stuff to engage the non-coders. Dr. Chuck does a good job of explaining the coding concepts to non-coders and never-coders !!
The course is not that much helpful for those who want to do work for coding. I mean the level of toughness of questions is not too good to compete any coding competition.
It's a great way to start learning Python. However, would be amazing to have more details about functions, modules, etc and try more challenges to go a little bit deeper.
the course is very easy anyone with basics in python will complete the course in one hour .Final conclusion "NEED MUCH MORE IMPROVEMENT. NEED TO PROVIDE MORE CONTENT"
A lot of the videos were a bit needlessly long . The quizzes were at times confusing. The last assignment had no worked out video to help you and took me three days. 
good course, but you could have added some more lectures on this course for more knowledge on Python. In my view this won't be sufficient to start coding in Python.
It went well in the beginning. However, it got difficult in the end since the lectures didn't match up with the programing assignments in the virtual environment. 
Easy and simple for follow. I learn programming for 20 years and can see how they try to break the basic programming elements and let the beginner understand it.
I struggled with some of the instruction as I couldn't get the exercises/quizes to work right; even with multiple views of the videos, posting questions, etc.
This first course in the series is a bit difficult to get through because it is so basic.  However, do not be discouraged, they get a lot more interesting. 
I was expecting a more in depth, more rigorous course.  More homework, at the very least.  Also, the first two weeks could have been condensed down to one.
for a completely new learner, syntax must be made familiar first properly and then examples. How to write should shown first and then the logic behind it.
Really a good course for the beginners, in this they will teach from the scratch and make the concepts clear. Thank you for clearing my fundamentals.
A good starting course for python though a bit too basic I believe for someone from programming background and programs were not challenging enough
I didn't like how there was no interaction with the other classmates or there was no easy way to comment, but I loved the way it was so interactive
This course was very helpful and it was easy to understand but it could have been explained in a more detailed manner.Overall,it was satisfactory.
The quiz and programming exercises are too easy & kind of boring for beginners. I hope the author can increase the difficulties in the future
Good overview. Could add more material, explore more data types (lists, dicts), and make quiz and coding assignments a bit more challenging.
Good vibe but way too easy.... even for beginners! I am no beginner but I finished the whole thing in less than an hour.... Not much learned
Built for someone who has never done any programming at all.  Instructor is distracting with random comments and pauses to drink in videos.
this course is for beginners who have little knowledge about coding concepts. Not appropriate for those who have adequate coding knowledge.
Actually I know a bit python and it seems that the course was not that meangingful to me but the teacher and assignment are really nice!!!
Great teacher and excellent course organization, but the progress was slow and the amount of material covered during it could be bigger.
its a 7 week course but it covers very basics which can be easily completed in one week instead of 7 weeks +1 star for funny prof. ;)
It was interesting to learn! I just wished it could be made more simpler to the ones who come from non-technical background. Thanks!
Variable names really should be meaningful. Abbreviations like "fval", "tot" instead of "float_value" and "total" is a bad practice.
It's really interesting course i like it very much thanks for all your cooperation and your education methods and thanks to coursera
Professor will not write code in the platform or in any other environment.Will just explain the code.For me that was not that great
Very basic and simple course, but if you nothing know about python - this course for you!Doesn't work second week - test. I'm angry
I HAVE COMPLETED THESE COURSE IN VERY GOOD PERCENTAGE , BUT INSPITE OF THAT I DID NOT GOT THE CERTIFICATE. PLEASE SOLVE MY ISSUE.
In total, this is a very good course for the  beginners.Including the depth in the subject and more concepts will be very useful.
Well, I donot have much to write but this course offers beginner a best platform to build and make their base strong. Thank you.
This Course is too easy but due to the fact that i should complete this to earn Specilization i was forced to complete this one!
i am very excited that i  become a programmer and ihope that in the end  of this course i  become like a professional programer.
It is Very Basic Python programming ,I think every programmer should be aware about this basic about every programming language 
Extreme basics of Python. Might work well as a refresher, shouldn't take more than a week if you've had any previous experience
Very easy. Was able to complete in <10 hours with the minimum requirements for the class. I did not do any additional practice. 
For beginners it's good informative and very interesting. It's truly a  course for everyone. But it's too basic and need depth.
This course is for absolute beginners. The content of this course is very basic. I really loved the teaching of the instructor. 
If you can't program at all this is an excellent course, If you know how to program in any language this course is not for you.
this case is good for very beginners but if you know some programming language like c or c++ this would be too basic for you 
Too basic course, good only if you don't have any exposure to any programming languages otherwise it's too easy and basic.
I liked the way the teacher explained the different lessons. However, I would have liked to have more practical exercises.
Easy to get in, now I know the basics of Python.. however, maybe too much extra stuff and discussion about this and that.
watch videos of avinash jain,it is more helpful.also should include implementation instead of explanation of every topic
Good intro course for a total novice.  If you have some programming background, you will move through this very quickly.
It is a great course for the beginners of programming .However this course did not cover many basic concepts in python.
There arent enough examples to get us a good path to learning Python. More practice and solved questions were required.
Very thorough.  Walks you step by step, but a little too slow and detailed for someone with minimal coding background.
This course is very basic, doesn't cover all aspects of the topics taught in it,assignments must be made a bit tricky 
This was a very basic course. I was expecting something more advanced. But all of what was taught was good and clear.
Good for real beginner of programming, if you already have experience with any other language, this might be too easy
I swear I already finished this course and as I went to the next one I had to do some of these exercises over again.
Python for everybody is for those who don't know anything about programming, here everything is of very basic level.
Need to add some more real world applications, explain some of the arguments in the last problem of the last course. 
Its good for absolute beginners, it could have been a little bit more advanced with one or two medium size projects.
Well, you teach perfectly and made this course interesting. But i think tutor should also be focused to be concise.
The course is good for people new to programming, but it doesn't go over a lot of things that are also essential.
this course is very good .but I had lot of problems with the python tool which you give for doing  assignments
Great content for beginner as coarse name is "Python for Everybody". Starting from very basic and explanatory.
Very basic introduction.  If you have any coding experience in other languages, this will be extremely simple.
Nice course,But can be lot more better with more knowledge like most of the part of the python is not  coverd
it was not so much helpful. initially i liked the courses but after the 4th week it became too easy to learn.
Course and assignments were very easy. Could have been more challenging if assignments were little difficult.
Apt for beginner in programming- not suitable for someone who is already a programmer and is learning Python
Very easy material, with a bit boring assignments. With not much more effort more material could be covered.
This course is way too simple and too slow. Probably good for someone who has never done programming before.
This course is very basic and the assignments are very easy. If you know how to code, I would not take it.
very basic.  you'll be bored with most of this course if you have ever been exposed to programming at all.
ya,its very good,the way that Dr.chuck explained was so good.And even the courseera was also good.thank u
I think it could have less videos teaching how to install Python and more about the language principles.
The course is too very basic and is very slow. I am not from a programming background and still feel so.
This is very basic course , does give only surface knowledge. which is not enough to begin working with 
good introduction for people who have never do anything with programming. It is really basic knowledge.  
Some of the materials were very helpful like the hardware section. I was not a fan of the auto grader. 
great course, I wish there was more materials,and it was less general and a little bit more technical.
yess this is very effective in learning the pythonm proigramming language44 in the most basic level.
Very nice course but a shame you cannot do any of the quizzes without an upgrade to the payed track.
Easy to understant the basic concepts of python, including variables, loops, exception handler, etc.
Both the lectures and text have good information and well explained examples.  Low production value.  
It is good.Sir teaches very well.In this cource,he teaches just very basics concepts of Programming
Felt like more Python should have been taught before awarding this course's completion certificate,
3 stars because this is not for everybody. Chuck is great (5 stars) and I am going to keep trying. 
Very slow pace for me. This is for absolute beginner who has never written a single line of code. 
More variety of programming could have been added, otherwise, the explanations were really good!!
good course, but I hope we could see the correct answer after we finish the quiz and assignment.
The approach of teaching has to be changed more examples with clear explanation has to be given. 
Good intro to programming.  Enjoyed the coursework; plan to continue so I can learn even more...
Very well conducted for a beginner, but some lectures seems too long to convey a simple concept.
Pretty basic course. Some videos are way too long. Good introduction to Python and programming.
more example required, also training on how to use Atom and other text editors should be taught
indepth knowledge of the subject taught wasnt there. an overview of the topics were discussed.
It was nice experience to do learning by doing with this platform. Thank you Coursera......!
it contains less material than exists on w3school web, i mean this is course isn't mastering
Es un curso que trabaja con una version vieja de python, deberian actualizarlo, va muy lento
  I enjoyed this course I got the new skill to learn, the course is not very much elaborated.  
I liked it but I think it's a little too basic, even for me. Thanks you very much for this.
For someone who has already notions in software engineering, this course will be very easy
The course is too basic and there is very little material to be covered in 7 weeks/modules
I was expecting more explanation on writing more programs .Over all it was great learning
Good but lack of information as the assignments are out from syllabus of what they told.
I enjoyed it, it would be nice to see some more exercises done, and work along with it. 
I just want to learn how to program, I dont care where the professor goes (conferences)
Not very good but its fine...The instructor is just too knowledgable for this course: )
A bit long-winded but learning about the editor (Atom) and using the terminal was good. 
I think the "Getting started with Python" course is Excellent for the Beginner/novice.
It is too basic. I finished this course during two weeks and was charged for 3 months.
needs more practice problems. Programming is something you have to do a lot of to get. 
great for beginners...but if you already know basics of python not much useful course
Explanations is pretty well, but it is not so difficulty. So it's good for beginners.
the last assignment is so annoying, its like a bug or something. pls fix it thankyou
For me, it was a good revision of the basic programming constructs and python syntax
A good course for the beginners. The language and explanations are very very simple. 
This course is too basic....perhaps squeeze more material since it assumes you don't
Change the questions. Make them harder. Don't only think with business perspective.
terrific content but in assignment section can't take solution by my own conditions
This course is a better option to start with programming and that also with Python.
breaking down the videos into various little ones would be more productive i think.
This session is too easy and also many page no my country language, but some have.
Basic intro to Python. But I found the content not to systematically organized....
Mediocre, not that helpful. Not the best. I was urged to skip all the vids in wk 2
I feel it's too simple and really just for beginners who know nothing about coding
It's very interesting. And I felt it is a very good platform to learn programming
assignments are bit more complex when compared to the given content of the course
this is course is for those students who have just started  to practice on python
It's really a basic stuff you could learn in dozens of free online online couses.
It was an amazing experience learning a programming language for the first time.
Expected more material and higher level of problems. Instructor is great though.
It was okye . It can be good if quality of assigmnents can be better. Thank you
Needs more in-depth analysis of loops and type of arguments. Rest all is great.
This was a very good course with basic information about the python language.
Alot of irrelevant video made  me loose my interest in containing the course. 
GOOD FOR BEGINNERS. EVERYONE SHOULD START LEARNING TO CODE FROM THIS PLATFORM 
its was so easy and it will be better to have little tough and more exercise
The course was more focused on theory part than the practical applications.
Too many 'bonus' videos that weren't necessary to the object of the course.
It's too easy most of the time; the assignments are not challenging enough.
Best foundational platform for the dark coders / freshers to learn coding.
A little bit repetitive some times, the examples tend to be over explained
Parts of videos were distracting and dragged on for longer than necessary.
It was a bit too easy. But a good foundation for the "Everybody" audience.
I got initial overview of Python, I need to know numpy statistical tool .
Try to give some python projects so that students can analyse the dataset
Needs some improvement on teaching, however I love about the bonus videos
There could have been more practical sessions which would be more useful. 
Need better material and breakdown of the material. Also more assignments
This course is so good for beginner yet too easy for above intermediates
Auto grader is finiky and not that good in explaining what is required.
The course is not bad, but it teach Python 2! It Should teach Python 3. 
i am not interested in other materials like job hours. overall is good
more detailed explanation should be provided especially for beginners.
The resources weren't organized enough to be fully accessed with ease.
could have more content, felt like weeks 1-4 should have been 1 week.
The course grader tool could be improvised it has a lot of bugs in it
Too easy. My expectation was another. My
too many unrelated information and talks
Elementary level course, going very slow
Too lengthy for a basic type of course.
Well its good for beginners. Too easy ! 
Clear instructions. Good for beginners!
Teaching assistants are not so active. 
VERY basic.Tutor is a nice guy though.
Teaching style and method is not good
This course is for absolute beginners
This is a great course for beginners. 
too easy and covers minimal materials
A little slow, but gets the job done.
Good course to kick-start with python
Videos got a bit  repetitive and long
It's very basic and time-consuming.
It's Just Basics I want more stuff.
Good introduction for programming!
good to start with..but not enough
Way too easy for a specialization.
a little bit more, would be great!
This course is just for beginner.
name is not coming in certifacate
too easybut the teacher is great!
This course is comparatively easy
Not covered the topics in detail
the course is good for beginners
I didn't get any certificate yet 
you can add some more topics...
the course is quite well taught
more hands on coding excercises
Would have covered more topics.
A bit easy. Completed in a week
too easy and pretty long for me
More study materials required. 
Too few exercises. Too simple. 
The assignment is way too easy
Exercise need to be more heavy
question level should be more
Sir, need to do more examples
Assignments can be increased
too basic for those who know 
The exercises are confusing.
it's too basic for my taste.
it is good for basic python
very basic start of python.
it's content are so basic.
It was too simple to learn
Very Beginner Friendly .
Not Complete Many Topics
Decent beginners course.
Good course for beginers
nice. very well planed.
not enough exercises...
only for very beginners
too easy for everybody
too long at the start
The teaching is very bad. It is a basic manners not drink coffee/tea while teaching on the video. Also the explanations are very general and doesn't feel like programming class but feels like some fish market. 
Pretty bad as far as I am conerned. I spent two days clicking back and forth and listening to a lot of talk that taught me nothing. Sorry about that, but there are better courses on the Internet than this one.
Trivial course.  This 7-week course can be easily completed in an hour.  I learned nothing from this course that I did not already know about python.  This course is strictly for beginners.
"Here in the certificate  written ""an online non-credit course authorized by University of Michigan and offered through
Coursera""so there is no credit  then ,it is not benefit to me"
I got really bored with the class. In the beginning, my goal was to write a computer code but the first week was only about the business side. Maybe I'm more hands on.
Suddenly thrust into Windows command lines. Incomprehensible. The course advertisement stated that no prior experience is necessary -- not so! Enormous waste of time.
I singed up for this suppossed free course and now I got charged 44 euros. I do not want this and I deamand a refund. I'had already cancell all my subscriptions.
Only for those who are new to everything involving computers. If you know how to turn your own computer off and on, look for a more advanced course than this.
I did like this course however it is very very basic. I think it should have been merged with course 2 as the course contents are as good as one week work.
It is not that much useful, because there is no that much content to implement new things.So change that immediately otherwise it is waste of money.
The title of this class should have read "Programming for Anybody that already knew a decent amount about basic Programming(Continuing with Python)"
Course did not meet my expectations. I would not have paid the $80 for it knowing what I know now. I also found the lectures to be not very helpful. 
After week 4, it says upgrade to submit but I have financial aid for this course and it still says upgrade to submit for the assignment.
Great introduction and the instructor is very charismatic, but the material wasn't sufficiently taught for completing exercises.
Not clear enough to be introductory. There are better and free videos on YouTube. Not at the level I was expecting for the "M".
Its very bad for me that it is a non credit course shown after i have completed this and i have got certifiate of nkn credit
Escuse me , I  done a mistake,I kindly request you to unenroll me from this course.                   Thanking you
This is not a start, at the end of the course, you still can't use python. And even the tools don't work properly. 
Bad, no interaction. I'm billed without ordering. No way to contact CourserA !Bad, bad bad ... this never again.
the course covered very little topics of python (20%). Giving 7 weeks is a waste of time to learn basic things. 
i had technical problems with both coursers's online system and also with the 3rd party online coding tool
The teacher approaches the students like a naive pal. Completely unprofessional and noneducational .
I don't get my certificate till now this is very disappointing please provide me my certificate
Auto Grader is very bad. Keeps giving indentation error. Lots of time wasted due to that.
the name on my certificate is not correct then what is use of learning this entire shit!
Poor feedback and advice with those who really do not know of programming. To shame!  
Not user friendly and the presentatation is very difficult including the navigation
Course is not good and interactive course instructor will not respond any queries 
Better off using Udemy, more organized, cheaper and better instructors that way.
Hate this class, I wasted 200 bucks on this crap and now I am stuck taking it...
Horrible TAs. They should all be changed. They are extremely rude and annoying.  
There is too much time spent on stuff that isn't programming.  It's maddening.
I had not recieved certificate of my name although profile is of my name
Its very basic and u can find 100% of the stuff on YouTube for free
Verification process  is  big issue for getting certificate
I had cancelled this subscription but still I got charged.
homework is badly designed. it covers too little materials
My name was incorrect   so pls do correct kunar to  kumar
I am not learning much just learning about the professor
last assignment was tricky and was not able to answer 
Signed up accidentally. I want to unenroll but can't
confusing- never really got off the ground with it.
Very slow class, a lot of repetitions in the videos
Too simple. Uses the same example over and again.
Didn't learn anything new. Too much of chit chat.
Can't participate in assignments unless you pay
the pattern is very very bad. i hate coursera. 
did my force of some katavaru,mutal in tamil 
Lectures are poorly prepared and unfocused
hard to understand and complete the quiz. 
Please provide an option to unsubscribe.
Teaching staff unhelpful and not polite. 
very basic course even for beginners
explanation is less about the topics
Please increase the depth of course
There are no subtitles in Russian.
I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
uses and ancient version of python
its not letting me unenroll :l
Thr podcasts doesnt not work .
too long for few information
make the other courses free
worst quiz structures ever
Unnecessary lengthy course
not intresrtd in continung
Is there a way to cancel?
Still canny program. 0/10 
where is my certificate?
Worst course ever seen
cheating with charges
unable to un-enroll. 
it is a good lecture
Quite stupid, sorry. 
not worth your time
kind of okay but...
dont understand it
Not interesting!
Not recommended
Useless course!
Nothing help me
Very slow pace, might be good for totally beginners BUT if you know anything about CS or programming it will be too slow for you.
I knew R and was looking for an intro to Python. If you already know some programming this class is too basic.
Material is very basic for anyone with even the smallest amount of programming experience. Very slow pace
This course is for ABSOLUTE BEGINNERS. It is not challenging and I passed it within two hours...
Too easy, even though I understand it's the first course of the series. But, great professor!
repeat the same thing way to many time. other then than i would say it is a 4 star.
Course content is not upto the mark.the level of this course is very much limited.
It have very less intent, it would be great if more topics added to this course.
The videos ramble too much which makes it hard to really dig into the material.
bad and tricky examples. It is less than a day's work even for a beginner
Very good  Programming skill in this.i learning much more things in that.
very easy... it is about 3 hour course and you are taking 7 weeks for it
very basic and the lecturer takes far too long explaining basic concepts
Videos were informative for newbies, but they were hardly professional.
Very basic course structure should have more materials and more topics
too basic, not a lot of info for 7 weeks. Lots of irrelevant material
the guy spends a lot of words to say simple things. sometimes boring.
i am already aware of the things taught.......not helpful at all
Too easy and full of straw (meaning thing not needed)
It's too difficult for a beginner course !!
all this course justified one class at top.
Extremely Easy but Professor is brilliant. 
I see lot of unwanted other than python
I think that this course was too basic.
this course is suitable for beginning 
Thanks to everyone in the coursera 
Too expensive to be that simple.
Poor designed course with lots of meaningless talk, lack of example and practice, key to pass the test is memorize terms.
The course videos are so awkwardly robotic. Maybe if the instructors were not made to read it like that and say it in a more relaxed manner it would be better. 
The delivery format needs dire quality control. I don't want to see some random guy talking and would rather see some actual slide to show calculations and step by step guide
Reading a teleprompter is not exactly teaching.  I find myself using other sources since everything is so badly explained. The quizzes have questions about things we are told about in passing.Many of the workshops do not work at all or require a special work around to get working at all.Very disappointed in this course. Do not pay for this. 
Not explained well and could use more visual aids to help explain. 
  While I think that I have learnt a great deal of acronyms in this course, I feel that it has in NO WAY prepared me to be able to troubleshoot network issues.  There is absolutely no practical knowledge & no virtual hands-on troubleshooting.  There is no "steps" on how to do anything.  For example:  a section on Host Files.  I spent 10 minutes trying to find host files on my home computer.  nothing!  All these tools were are told about, but the information on how to use them is sorely lacking.  I was hoping after the vague knowledge that was given to us in the first course, that the second would be more in depth.  Not.  This has been a big disappointment thus far.  
I understand that the material was dense and so they tried to break it down into smaller chunks, but everything was so poorly explained that fitting the parts together was next to impossible. There were not enough good examples given and almost no tie in to how we actually experience the internet, just an endless wave of acronyms, numbers, and technical terms that may or may not have been relevant to the quizzes. I hope the other courses in this program are not as scatterbrained as this one.
This course was EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to understand. Prepare to do a lot of research outside of this course, which does not help as well. The first course of the certificate was easy to follow, but this course is way too advanced for people with no IT background. I don't understand how people are giving this course more than 1 star because it is theory-dense with a lot of new terms that are not even explained properly throughout the course. This course is the same as the typical college courses where profs just read off slides without caring to explain what they're reading. 
I am not happy with this course for the following reasons:1.Lack of visual aids in lessons.2. Teaching pedagogy depends on lecture manner without students interaction.3. There are not any presentation slides (PPTX) for the videos or lessons.4. Quizzes are completion sentences and this is not a valid evaluation.5. This course is full of definitions that could be clarified in a better way than that one exists. I think Google should revise this course and re-structure it.
Could greatly benefit from more a more developed visual component. Especially in Subnetting.
Really dry, Lack of interaction. There is just this guy talking to you reading of a screen
Learned more googling the subjects then from the course. At least one question on every test was a trick question and when you got something wrong, the only comment was 'this is incorrect please review this section of the course." Then the answer to the question was usually a single sentence lost in a lake of babbling. All in all it felt like I was either supposed to learn through failure or that asking the internet is going to be a regular thing in IT.
I needed to look up youtube videos to understand what was being taught. A talking head is not a good teaching tool for this subject. There were so many abstract concepts and acronyms that were addressed, but not explained. I don't feel like this part of the course has equipped me properly, and now I will need to look elsewhere to learn the information I need.
I needed help and non can be found. I would like to have some type of tutor available
Quiz in subset is very confusing,  not clear how to perform quiz.
The videos in this course are probably some of the worst out there, you are better off watching youtube videos on the subject and guessing on the quizzes. Week 2's graded assignment was more painful than when i broke my leg, It took me 12 attempts over 5 days to finally get the answers correct. Check the forum posts for the answers.
Since the "upgrade" the diagrams and updating have me at my wits end. I also respect the knowledge of the courses guided instructor.... But his voice is ambien. 
I wish this course had a more professional name-- all the courses in this series have cutesy unprofessional names and I don't like putting them on my resume like this.I feel like the spent more time writing puns for the lectures than they did on the actual material or the assignments. It's hard to follow the path the material is taking, it's extremely wordy (so it's easy to zone out before you get to the actual facts and info you need), the puns don't help (especially if you're struggling with learning disabilities or if English is not your first language), the rattling off of IP address after IP address becomes impossible to tease out the actual facts, and heaven forbid you have a little dyslexia. There aren't enough useful slides/diagrams/visual aids in the lectures. The quizzes (especially the interactive exercises) aren't helpful, and are slow or don't load properly, and when they do load, they're hard to use with a high magnification setting, and often the color choices aren't great if you're colorblind. The phrasing of the questions in the quizzes tested you more on whether or not you followed every lecture rather than the actual material. I honestly expected a lot better from Google and this course is not the same quality as other Coursera courses I've taken, and this course needs a lot of work before I'd suggest it to anyone. Less puns, more quality, please.
The quiz has excellent knowledge for beginners and covers a variety of topics that one would need to learn for either Comptia Net + or later down the road their CCNA. My issue with this course is with the graded quizzes. The wording of the questions act almost as if they are trying to trick the tester by playing semantics. For example there was a question I encountered covering DHCP, paraphrasing it asked what would the type of IP be classified if you attempt to assign it to the same machine every time. "This would be "Static" being the IP is not being selected out of a pool of IPs. but the answer was labeled incorrect. Also in Week 5 there was a "1" Question graded quiz that has you move the wifi frequency to prevent interference. 1" the instructions are out of date and do not clearly identify what the course sees as "Least frequency interference". Also while interpreting the instructions you are given only 3 tries which will prevent you from completing this course. Not only do I think this should have been a interactive activity no graded. This is not how you perform a site survey. If you have overlap you modify the channels broadcasting (1,6,11) or move the direction /type of antennas.  
95% of all these videos was a person at a table just talking. This was the WORST way for this information to be explained. I'm into computers and want to learn IT because of the hands on nature of it, so to see video after video of just a person spouting acronym and definition after definition was painful. Every so often there would be a graphic, that would help, but other times the graphic was only partially explained, or by the time it came up it was nowhere near helpful. Again, you could use any visual method to get this information explained, and I hated every minute of this course. If the next one is anything like this I expect to drop Coursera altogether. 
Terribly formatted and extremely glitchy, which is very ironic considering this is an IT course. Tech support simply does not respond to any inquiries, even if they are as desperate as "this quiz does not function". On one of them, I literally had to drag boxes (which were either blank or had the text practically in another box!) at complete random until the quiz accepted them. The lectures themselves are horrible. You will learn more by just looking up YouTube videos on the subject.
I'm only on to the second week of this course and I have to second guess the the teaching methods used on this course. It seems that the designers decided to use the lazy approach of content dumping and useless memorization. Just by seeing the phrase "100% or more" to pass, you can understand the lazy approach to this course. Content its buggy having to close and reopen quizzes to  complete them, and just uninspiring in general. 
Not having fun repeatedly trying to finish their Layers test which keeps marking me as wrong. There's no way anybody can fail that test since they give you the answers. Yet changing computers and browsers has no effect on the results. I keep getting failed at that one exam.Wasted a hour already today with this.
I attempted through both the course forums and contacting Coursera tech support to rectify a problem with a question in the graded quiz portion of the week 4 content. Both methods failed for various reasons.There is a question in the week 4 content that either is incorrectly worded, or does not have the correct answer as an option. This is not to say that there is not an answer that is coded as correct. This is to say that even if there is a coded correct answer, that answer is wrong, because all of the available answers are wrong.The question is what kind of packet is sent when a client sends a DNS request. The answer is UDP. The options available include one packet type, TCP, and 3 answers listing various flags for TCP that are used during the three way handshake.While it is true that if the DNS server responds with a UDP packet indicating that the DNS response is too long, then the client will establish a TCP connection, which would involve a TCP packet, and the first packet would include a SYN flag. None of that answers the question asked.I've given this review 1 star in the hopes that someone somewhere will take note and actually fix this problem. Tech support at Coursera repeatedly informed me that they were "not content experts" and the mentor who responded on the forums either failed to comprehend my issue, or just didn't know what they were talking about.The course is actually very good outside of this single error, and I hope if you're reading this review trying to decide whether to take the course that you choose to do so. 
While the first course was pointless, this one contained actual useful information... encapsulated in an excruciating avalanche of filler, time wasting intros, and the most obnoxious puns I've had the displeasure of being exposed to. And that's not even touching on the multiple tests and quizes that don't function correctly. If I had to rate my Coursera experience overall, I'd give it negative stars if possible. I'd absolutely demand my money back if there was anywhere else to get this information. Your service is an abomination, and you should all be ashamed of yourselves for contributing to its existence.
Unbelievably disorganized. It feels like the instructors were simply told to type up definitions of terms on the fly with extremely, unnecessarily verbose and confusing wording. A huge sticking point was the fact that the instructor never pointed out the simple fact that subnets LOOK like IP addresses but are COMPLETELY different from them. This alone would have helped tremendously, but a friend and I taking the course were left in major confusion for a long time. There are other significant issues with this course, too, which has so far been easily the worst of the 4 out of 5 that I've done.
I almost give up this course. For me horrible teaching. found in YouTube more information and better explanation to the materiel then this course. Better teaching . The quiz sometime doesn't work, especially  the last one. IPv6 Compression quiz should taken out. we should not waist our time and money in such as thing. a child can do the exercise. need better and better than. I do not understand how this course got a better review. the first course " Technical Support Fundamentals" I took was great. However This one is not at all great. 
This course has a problem with Wireless Channel Quiz of Week 5 learning. I tried a lot of time with 5 success scenario for the quiz but it still grade me 0 point, I asked customer service for support but they are not happy to help me and very unaccountable. For anyone who want to learn this course, you can learn but for this quiz "Wireless Channel" is very frustrating. This could be the first and last time I use this coursera platform because of terrible customer service.
In the second part of the course, I could not send the answers to the quiz, I cleaned the cache and cookies in the Chrome browser. I tried running the task from the Tor browser. All the technical support tips that were written on their forum did not help, there is no way to contact technical support on Coursera. Do not pay for this, the problems are not solved, contact directly there is not provided with other courses on Coursera such a problem was not.
my quiz would not load correctly. Each time it loaded up some answers were already selected. When I adjusted the answers and submitted my quiz i get the answer wrong because i answered the question outside of the time. I still had overan hour left to take the quiz. now i am locked out and have to wait 24 hours to take my quiz again. of course there is no one you can email or talk to about this.
The first part started off great! Now I have started on week one of module two and every time I take week 1 test I receive a zero! Statistically there is no way I wouldn't get at least one right! I know some of them were correct but the format seems off and now I am locked out. Once this matter is resolved I will give a better rating but as of now it is ZERO stars!
This course is ridiculous: there is a flaw with the course that prevents me from moving forward, yet I am not able to get any technical assistance whatsoever. Its all about generating income nothing else. There is no mentor, no customer service number. Unbelivable
total a waste of time, i completed this certification and in the end Coursera provided me a certificate with a strange name FAJOF .tell me what should i do now .a worst experience.and there is no option of change your name.i request Coursera to look upon my issue.
You won't get any certificate after complete this course. In catalog Coursera written you will get certificate after completion of this course, but actually you won't. Video of this course available on youTube. So don't spoiled your time in grade assignment.     
Too many issues with Wireless Channels quiz. No one has fixed these issues in past 6 months. Support is very minimal.I could have passed a while ago if I wasn't held up repeatedly trying to complete this one quiz, which in all, added no value to the course
As many others have stated, the material simply was not presented well.  So much could be done to make this much easier to learn.  I'm also glad to see that others noticed there are test questions that were not covered in the material.  
I've learned more from doing outside research then from the lecture videos on this course. First part of this course was good but the Networking part should've had more visuals. All it is, is a person reading off a teleprompter.
the quizzes at the end of the lesson are impossible you have to get 100 percent or higher and the information you need isn't in each lesson or on google. This is mean't for you to waste your time so they make money off of you.
After a second attempt nearly two years later I have wasted over $100 again on this abysmal instructor in lesson two. Please do not contact me again about this course. This was an utter and complete waste of money. 
Accessing the graded assessments was a nightmare, with completely wrong login instructions for the Windows section in Qwiklabs, as many other users have also noted. A very poorly structured course. 
Just raw information. Nothing practical like the previous course. Nothing that I can do with my hands thru Remote Desktop. TO resolve any problem, just tests. School type boring.
No puedo acabar el curso por error en su prueba "Wireless Channels" ya lo he pasado mas de 10 veces y no me lo califica bien, y nadie me ayuda
Questions are over the average student like me.Testing quizzes questions  are not been practice before in lectures or any part of the course.
Instructions are unclear and assessments require 100%. The course feels incomplete. The curriculum feels rushed and poorly prepared.
Some quizzes are senseless, the course itself is fool of too much information some of it I don't think its useful
I did not receive my certificate, though have completed the course and keeps asking me to verify ID
The lessons and teachings do not match up with what we need to know for the quizzes and tests 
i did'nt got my certificate and this site id verification sucks really.... please help
i cant even understand a single topic, not expected this from google...
the quiz for week 2 might change what i thought about this as a whole.
This course was extremely difficult for me.The last quiz is horrible.
Teaching is to technical I wish they made it more practical. 
i dont like the testing screens. They are too small to see.
